Hi everyone. Welcome back to the channel. Today I am going to introduce you to this crash course.
So, before directly diving into the details, I quickly want to tell you the background and who
is this crash course actually meant for. So, last couple of months back, I was being reached out by
a very senior guy. He was already working in the industry and the company wanted to explore
your path as a tool. So, he told me that Mukesh, I do not want to go into the deep down and each
and every detail as you go into your videos, but I want to have overview of UI path in general
and wanted to see that how it looks like, how the developer work, how do you deploy, how do you
interact with different application, what is orchestration and all of those stuffs, right.
So, we thought of going into a session one to one and these are the sessions recorded with that
gentleman. So, in case if you are someone who is already working, a working professional
and looking to explore UI path, this video is for you. If you are a developer who is already
working in a different technology, let us say a different appeared tool and you wanted to see
how does UI path as a tool is different and what are its capability, this video is for you.
You can be someone who is a fresh air or a beginner and who wants to create UI path solutions
or automations, but you do not have time to go through the entire modules, this video is for you.
However, after each video, I would also guide you that where actually you would find the detailed
videos and instructions to do with these things, right. So, in case you get interest and you want to
deep dive, I would also share the links of the complete tutorials with you guys, right.
So, that would be the overall agenda. So, this complete crash courses available and I will post all
the links everything in the description for your reference. I would really appreciate your feedback
on this kind of content and let us get started.
Okay, so what you are looking on the screen, this would be the complete agenda for this
bootcamp or the crash course, right. I have posted all these links into the description.
At any point of time, if you want to jump to a specific section or a specific tutorial,
you can just click on the timestamp and the video will navigate you to that chapter. Okay,
so this would be the complete agenda for this one. At the end of the video, I am going to tell you
that what are the next steps you should take after you complete this bootcamp.
Okay. So, this is the first chapter into the bootcamp or into the crash course, right.
So, the first thing we are going to see here is how do you download the UI path software.
What are the different components of UI path which as a beginner, you should understand.
What are the different kinds of robots which are available and lastly, we are also going to see
what are the things are there that you should automate and what are the things that you should
not actually automate. Okay. For downloading the software and the background of robotic process
automation, I will hook up two videos into the description. So, please do refer those videos
in case you want to deep dive into those topics. In the browser, you have to go to this website which is
uipart.com. Okay. And then at the top, you have something which is called try UI path for free.
Okay. And you can follow the steps later on as well. I will share with the complete video where
I have done all of this step by step. It's very easy. So, all you have to do is just go here
and then you have to sign in. It will ask you for a couple of details like what is the location which
time zone you are and that's it. And once you log in to this website, this would be the cloud.uipart.com
which is the community platform for UI path. Here you will get all the things whatever you require
to get started with UI path. On the right hand side, you have something which is called download
the studio desktop. Okay. You click on that and that will give you the UI path studio which is
nothing but this guy. Okay. Okay. So, you would have the uipart studio directly from here and
you just install it, sign in and you would have the up and running version of the uipart studio
running with you, right? So, that you can easily configure it just next next next. Okay.
So, now whenever we talk about any programming or I would say, so you have done, you might be
familiar with something like Visual Studio, right? Yes. If I have to today code in Java, I can use
let's say Eclipse. If I today have to code something in C Sharp, I use Visual Studio. If I have
to code today in Python, I have something which is called Jupyter notebook. I can use it in
online editor or I can use in any Python editor, right? Similarly, if today I have to code a robot
or if I have to code an automation, where would I code?
That place is the uipart studio. Okay. Yeah. You have it with me?
Yes. Okay. So, now, okay, before that, right? I believe you already have a bit background
of what exactly is RPA? Yes. Right? What we are trying to do? So, basically, any stuff, whichever I do
with the help of keyboard and mouse, and I want to automate it, I can do it with the help of RPA,
which is called the robotic process automation. Okay. Now, so, as I told you, right? I'll just bring a
notebook here. Whenever I have to code, so to code, I would need something, right? So, that
something is called Uipart Studio. When I talk about Uipart Studio, this is nothing but the editor to
write the code. Fine? The second thing is, once you have written the code into the Uipart Studio,
which is this guy, right? This guy cannot execute the code. This has only a capability to write the
code. It cannot execute. It is just an editor where you can write the code. Now, if you have to
execute it, now, if you have to run it, you would need a second component, which is called
Uipart Assistant. To run the automation, you would need something, which is called
Uipart Assistant. Now, this is to trigger or run the automation.
You can think it like, for example, if I have to today run a code, and if you are coming from a
Java background, right? So, we need an interpreter, we need compiler, we need something utility to run the
automation. That something is called Uipart Assistant. Okay. Where it is located, you can just go to
a start menu, and you can search for Assistant, right? Here, and you will get something, which is
called Uipart Assistant. So, Uipart Assistant is automatically installed as soon as you install
the Uipart Studio onto your computer. So, when you go to that link, you install Uipart Studio,
you will already have the second component, which is called Uipart Assistant, which is also
installed on a computer like this. This component is responsible for running the automation.
Studio is to build, Assistant is to run the automation. Okay. The third important component,
which you should remember, is to manage. Now, you have built the automation, you are running the
automation. When the automation size grows, how do you deploy it to other computer? I am a developer,
I have created the automation. Now, if I want to deploy it to some other machine, or I want to give
it to my team, I need a place where I can manage this stuff. That place is called Uipart Orchestrator.
It is to manage the automation fleet, I can say. Okay. So, these are the three components,
which you require to get started with Uipart. You need something to code, which is nothing but
Uipart Studio. You need something to run the automation, which is Uipart Assistant. And you need
something to manage the license, manage the processes, manage the jobs, manage the triggers,
basically managing the users. Everything related to management would be done something which is called
Uipart Orchestrator. And these are the three main components, which as a beginner, you should start with
and then once you're comfortable with, then only you jump to the next steps. And these are the
three components, which we are going to utilize in maturity of this session. Okay. Now,
here is your Uipart Studio. Here is a Uipart Assistant. The third question is, where is my
orchestrator? So, to log into the orchestrator, you would go to this place, which is the same URL,
which was Cloud.Uipart.com. Okay. And in here, if you click on these nine dots, you would have
something which is called orchestrator. You click on that and you will open your orchestrator,
where you can manage the robots, manage the process, manage the jobs. Anything related to management,
you can think of would be managed by this one, which is a web-based application. That means that you
can manage your robots, you can manage your automation, even from the website. You browse this URL
in any computer and you can manage all the processes, everything. Right. So, three main components
of Uipart to get started with. The first one is Studio, the second one is Assistant and third one
is orchestrator. Okay. I'll take a pause. Any questions you have? No, I'm good. Okay. Now,
so we understood that there are three major components, right. Now the next thing comes is how
actually these components are related to each other. So, in Uipart Studio, I just go and I
code it. Uipart Assistant is running it. How would anybody know that where exactly these things are
connected to. So, the next thing is you should understand is how these things are connected to
each other. So, for that, let me quickly show you a small slide and that way you'd understand it.
Okay. So, this is the plain Rp slide. We have already covered, you already know about all of
this slide. So, I'm not going to go into these details. So, I'll just...
Okay. So, I'll just open this one, which is the components of Uipart and in this presentation,
we would just read a little bit of theory that how does these components look like? Okay. Sure.
So, here it is, right. So, we talk about Uipart Studio, which is nothing but the canvas for the
developers to develop the board. It has the drag and drop activities. We'll talk about all of this
into more practical and less of the theory, right. Then you have the next component, which is Uipart
Assistant, which is an application, which is used to run, manage the jobs, right. From this
wizard, you can view, play, pause, resume many of the processes. The third component is the Uipart
Orchestrator, which is used to manage the licenses, users, roles, provisioning, integration to
the third party solution. Everything is done by the third component, right. Now, a question arises,
how are these three component related? So, first of all, you have something which is called
Uipart Studio. We as a developer, we use Uipart Studio to code the automation, right. I have the
automation requirement. I know the problem statement. I go to Uipart Studio. I code the solution
and that's it. As a developer, my job is done, right. Now, what happens? The developer will publish
the automation. The developer will go and he will publish the automation to something which is
called Orchestrator, because that's where it is going to manage. So, as of now, we have just created
the code into the Uipart Studio. As soon as published the code, the code is sent as a packet,
and that packet is called a new-get package. Extension is NUPKG, new-get package, right. So,
you created the code, you done the development, you click on publish, that code is sent to the
orchestrator. In the orchestrator, now, what happens inside the orchestrator? You are a company,
right. In your company, you can have different different departments, such as HR is one department,
finance is one department, banking is one department, and you do not want the data and the processes
to be shared between one another, right. Because the HR is a different vertical,
insurance is a different vertical. You can think of any vertical in your company.
So, basically, in the orchestrator, the first thing is we create something which is called
tenant. So, what is exactly a tenant? A tenant is something where you segregate the
rules, segregate the user, segregate the automation, segregate the stuff which are required to
run the automation into different components, such as HR can be one tenant, insurance can be one
tenant. The third one can be banking. Once you have the tenant, this new-get package is assigned to
one of the tenant depending on which automation it was, and then this thing is converted to a process.
So, first, whenever you deployed the, let me just put up in, whenever you deployed this studio
to this orchestrator, first time, orchestrator does not, it does not understand, whether this process
is for insurance, this process is a finance, this process is banking, it has no information.
So, you go to the orchestrator, you go to the respective tenant, and then in that respective tenant,
you tell that, you convert that to get to something which is called process, and when you do that,
then this understand that okay, now I understand that I am a process of insurance, I am a process
of banking, and then when the process is ready, then you can do something which is called a job.
Now, what is a job? The job is nothing but a task which can be assigned to a robot.
Okay, so from the new-get, you create the process, from the process, you create the job.
Now, creating a job simply means that you are instructing the robot to run the job.
You can instruct it to run it every one hour, every 30 minutes, every five minutes,
or you can even ask it to run it immediately, right. So, you have new-get, you convert it to
process by mapping it to tenant, then you create a job out of it, and then once the job is created,
the robot is going to execute, and what is the robot? The robot is nothing but your,
you have the assistant, right. So, this is the way your complete three components are connected.
You have studio, you have work estator, and you have assistant, right.
I'll take a pause if you have any question in this diagram.
So, not a major, but like a small question, Mukesh, we could actually, instead of adding this
much like package, process, job, why we couldn't like create something like it will be straight
mapping it to robot, like why we had to evolve this data.
Okay, so yeah, that's a good question, right. So, your question is why I cannot directly go here and
just run it here, right. So, that way, only you are running your automation. So, that is your
personal automation. So, you created the automation, you are running it on your assistant. So,
that is your personal assistant, right. Personal robot or personal automation, I would say.
Now, if you have to share that automation to 10 of your colleagues or you have to run it into an
insurance department, you have to run it on different machine, right.
So, talking of the machine, right. You understand that every company has different infrastructure,
development machine is different, testing is different, QA is different, user machine is different,
right. And production is different. So, you created the studio, you run it on your thing,
it is still working on your development machine, right. The our main objective is to serve the clients,
serve the customers. Then we need our Kickstarter, right. So, in the our Kickstarter, you would manage,
you would manage all the machines, you would manage all the users, you will manage all the tenants,
right. Then you will create a job, then you will schedule it, and then you will run it, right.
So, basically, this to this happens only in the development. So, whenever you develop something
on your studio and you run it, right. Then it directly goes here to here. There is no
orchestrator involved, orchestrator is involved as soon as you want to deploy, manage and do all the stuff.
I did it. So, yeah. So, when we run like, you know, when we use run command or run this file,
that is our like process, what you are showing on top. Yes, yes. So, whenever you go to your
Apache studio, you will come to that, whenever you say run the command, you would notice that the
command is directly sent to your apath, assistant and not sent to your apath orchestrator.
Yes. Yeah. Right. So, that is your local, right. Now, if you have to share it to me, how would you
share it, right. You could either email me and do all those different stuff, right. But the
ideal way is to do it with the help of the orchestrator. Okay. Yeah, it's clear now. Yeah,
got it. Thank you. Great. So, this is how the three components are
working connected together, right. Now, the next thing is we have different kind of robots,
which are available. Okay. This is important to understand because we have different kinds of
robot and you need to be able to differentiate between the attended unattended and the hybrid.
So, whenever I talk about the attended, attended robot is simply mean something which is sitting
on the user machine and which requires a human intervention. Okay. Any robot which is triggered
by a human and that requires a human intervention basically is a attended robot. So, for example,
you have written an automation, right. But you want to run it at 6 a.m. There is another
colleague who wants to run it at 9 a.m. There is another colleague who wants to run it at 5 p.m.
And to run that application, you have to be available on the screen. That is called attended
robot. It is triggered by the user on the one basis, right. So, it can be something for,
let's say a customer support, helpless, right. Front desk customer support. As soon as the
front desk customer receives a call saying that hi, my name is Mukesh and now I want to unlock my
account, right. So, that call can come anytime. So, whosoever is the front desk customer support
executive based on the request he will go and he will trigger the automation. That means the
initiation is done by a human on demand basis that is called an attended automation.
Okay. Now, the opposite of it is something which is called an attended automation, which simply
means that now I do not need the human intervention. I can schedule the automation.
It can be the banking processes insurance processes. At the end of the day, you want to compare
the debit and the credit and the bank closes let's say at 5 p.m. in the evening. At 7 p.m. daily,
I want to run a process that goes to the debit that goes to the credit and you continue it, right.
You do not need any human intervention. You just schedule the automation to run at daily 7 p.m.
or daily 6 p.m. Any automation which you can run without human intervention is called an
attended automation. It is mostly like it can be schedule for daily, weekly, monthly, yearly,
half yearly, right. So, at the month end, you have to generate the salary slips of the employee.
So, as soon as it is the last day of the month, last day of every month at 9 a.m. in the morning,
I want to trigger a process that would generate the salary slips and send it to the employees, right.
It's a fixed thing. It has to happen. Does not require any human intervention. Example of an
unattended automation, okay. Any question on attended and unattended before I move to the third one?
No, I'm good. Okay, great. The third one is something which is called hybrid automation.
Hybrid automation is a combination of your attended as well as the unattended automation,
which means that now I have a requirement where I want to run it on ad hoc basis or sorry,
I want to run it on unattended without any human intervention, but there are some steps where I
need human input. So, for example, there is a robot which has to log into a website and then
from the website, it has to fetch some data and do the processing. Now to log into that website,
there is an RSA token which is coming to the mobile of the user or there is some kind of a key,
which the user has to provide. Now the robot do not have access to a mobile phone. How it will go.
So, what will happen? An unattended robot will trigger. It will open the browser. It will open the user
name. It will open the password. It will feed the user name and the password and then when it
requires the token, it will send a pop-up to the user saying that HiMukesh please provide the OTP
and then as a user, you will provide the OTP, you will provide the token, it will take the token
and then it will continue from the next steps. So, it is simply like the human and the robots working
together known as the hybrid. So, basically attended as well as unattended automation working together.
Right. Does it make sense? Yeah, sure. So, for the hybrid at least we have to be an infant of the
machine in order to provide the input, right? It cannot be left alone like unattended. Yeah, it can be
left at, there are both the ways of doing it. It can be left unattended. So, what would happen is
so let's say the robot is running at 7 in the morning, it will trigger. It will send a notification
to you via an email or whatever notification you choose, right? You will get an email that HiMukesh,
I want to have this input. Now, till the time I don't provide the input, the robot will wait for me.
As soon as I log into my computer, I go to that email, I will have that thing, I'll click on that
and then it will resume from there. So, you don't need to necessarily be in front of the computer,
right? Yeah. Sorry to interrupt you, but it will not like, you know, discard the process,
still process will. No, no, no, it will wait, it will wait, it will pause, it will not stop,
it will pause, right? A very classic example of this is the approval, right? So, for example,
you are the HR head of the company, right? And you have 10 different recruiters who are working
for you. So, before sending any final offer later, they need to get your confirmation, right?
So, what will happen? The robot will do the offer later generation, it will go to the details,
generate the offer letters, everything unattended, and lastly, it will send an email to the HR manager
and the email would be simply like, hi, this is an automated mail from the robot.
We are giving this guy this much amount for this position, do you approve or reject, right?
So, you would have to, but an approve and reject, he select on reject, the process will stop and say
that the process was rejected, he approves, it will send it off a letter to the candidate, right?
So, got it. Example of attended plus unattended automation working together,
known as the hybrid automation, right? Now, eventually this thing has evolved much, you have
other kind of automation, agents and all coming into play, but first, as a beginner, you need to
understand that there is a difference between unattended and unattended and hybrid, and UAPA
allows you to build all of that into the single platform, you don't need to do anything extra,
right? Yeah. Okay, cool. Now, the next thing is, what to automate, right? We understand that yes,
a company have got us, UAPA, we have the licenses, we have the orchestrator, we have everything,
right? Now, what should I automate? It's a question, right? I can automate anything, I can go to an
Excel, I can go to an website, I can go to the database, I can automate everything, whatever is
possible, right? But how do I know whether this is the correct candidate for automation or not,
right? So, basically, that's the business analyst part, but as a developer, you should ask yourself
a few set of questions before you directly jump to the automation. The first one is stability,
which simply means that you have to do the process automation only if the process is stable,
which simply means that today, I have the process, right? The process has step number one, two,
three, four, five, I automated it. After three months, the business changed the process. They say
that hey, I don't want it process. I would like to now do step number one, five, seven, ten, six,
and four. They changed the process flow. Or let's say you started to write a process on Oracle and
after three months, the business change, the database from Oracle to SQL, your automation is based,
right? So, basically, the first question as a developer, you ask is when are you expecting the
change in the process? If let's say they say that hey, we are expecting the change in a one year
or one and a half year, good enough, right? Because that way you can do, but if let's say they are
expecting a change in the near future, that means the process is not stable. So, that means that it
is not a good candidate for automation. So, first you stabilize the process and then you automate.
Yeah, got it. The second point is rule based and repetition, which means that whatever you are
trying to automate should have a proper rules, meaning that the rules should be fixedly defined.
It should not be vague. So, for example, if there is a screen and there are three buttons, yes,
no, and cancel. You should have clear indication that when should the robot click yes, when should it
click no and when it should click cancel? Rule should be precisely defined and it should be
repetitive. Otherwise, if the rules are changing, it's not a good candidate for automation. The third
thing is the volume. The higher the volume, the more it is good, right? So, for example, you are
working for a company and you created a process to do invoices, but on daily basis you are only
receiving two invoices. So, then it does not make a sense, right? So, for two invoices, the human
user is taking let's say 20 minutes. You automated it, you put all the efforts, you saved the 20
minutes, right? But eventually you put a lot of efforts into developing coding, best practices,
deploying, managing and all those things. That's not a worthy automation, right? So, you need to check
off the volume. So, if the volume is like two invoices, then it does not make a sense, but let's say
if the volume is like 200, 2000, then it is a good candidate for automation. So, volume also plays
a important role whenever you decide the automation, right? So, you have to do that ROI calculation
before you actually jump into the development, right? That how much effort I am putting and the
effort which we'll get as a saving is less than the manual effort, right? So, it should not happen
that the human user is taking 10 minutes and the robot is taking 50 minutes, right? That's not the
case, right? We just don't have to automate just because that we can automate, right? So, you have
to select the correct automation and the last one is the application involved, which simply means
that what all applications are involved, right? So, you need to see whether the application which
are involved, do we have access? Does the robot have access? Is it a thin client? Is it a thick
client? Do we have access to that? Can we scale it? What all are the application involved? Excel
web, right? So, that will also be a critical factor to decide what is your automation, right? So,
that's just about very high level what to automate, right? Bare minimum, you should at least ask
these factors because if anyone of this is not failing and you start the development and later
point of view, you file, then you will not be able to generate the return on investment, which is
nothing but ROI, right? Because you have already spent time and money in developing it, coding it,
you have the developers engaged, you have the licenses cost, you have the cost of the
orchestrator. And at the end, you say that, hey, I'm not saving the time, then you are at the
step zero, where you would be question asked that, why did you automate it? If you did not see
the saving, right? So, basic ROI calculation has to be done before you jump into the automations,
okay? Okay. Cool. Let's quickly summarize. What did we see? We see that we have three components
in UI path, we have studio, we have orchestrator, and we have assistant, and our studio for the
development, orchestrator for management, assistant for triggering the automation, right? And whenever
we talk about robots, high level, we have attended, unattended, and the hybrid robots, and it is crucial
to select the correct automation process as the first step, okay? Yeah. So, that's about the three
core components of UI path, okay? And these are the three components, you have studio, you have
assistant, and you have this guy, which is the orchestrator, okay? I'll take a pause if you have any
question. No, I'm good, Mukesh, very clear. Okay, cool. So now, first thing first, right?
Okay, so now you have completed the first module, the next module is we are going to do a
walkthrough of the UI path studio, where we are going to see when you open the UI path studio
for the first time, what are the things you would be actually seeing? And how do you navigate
and find the things which are important for you folks, okay? Now, please remember that I believe
that you guys are using UI path community addition. So, the look and feel of the software might change
depending on when you are seeing this video, but overall the concept remains the same, right?
So, in this tutorial or in this module, we are going to see the walkthrough of the UI path studio.
Let's talk about the interface, right? I won't overburden you in the first session, right? I'll
take this module by module, right? So, we understood the basic components, we have this installed,
we have this everything available. Today, I'm just going to give you the walkthrough of this guy,
right? So, whenever you open Studio for the first time, it's a very simple interface, right? You
would have something which is called Open Close. As the name suggests, you can open the project, close
the project and then you have something which is called the start, right? So, in the start, you have
these are my recent projects, whichever I have been working on, right? And you have an option
to open a local project or you can check out from the git, right? I hope you understand what is
git, SVN and TFS, right? So, it's repository to save the code. The UI path is integrated with git,
SVN and TFS, right? So, that you can work as a team, right? And then you have, you can open
the existing project, you can connect it from git, SVN and TFS, that is one. And on the right hand side,
you have this option, right? So, you can create a new process which is like a blank project, a blank
canvas, right? Which has nothing? Absolutely blank. Or you can start from something which is called
template. A template is something where you can start an automation by following our template.
So, what exactly is a template, right? So, for example, let's say you're in college, right? You
are a group of 10 people and a company is coming and then you have to create a resume. So,
your faculty gave you a template, right? And ask all of you to put your details in that template,
right? So, it has nothing but it has something called name, it has your graduation, your address,
your marks, your qualification, your project, right? But the template for all the 10 students is
exactly the same, right? Same like, UI path gives you some of the templates, such as today,
if I want to build an attended automation, I can start with something called attended automation.
I want to do something for background processes. I can use this. I want to do for SAP, I can use SAP,
and then you have something which is called more templates. You can click on that and you would
have a wide variety of templates which are available from UI path for you. And as a developer,
as a senior developer, you always has an option to add more templates here like this, right? You can see
that this somebody has created their own templates and they have put their own templates, right?
So, individual people also can put their template and by UI path are the templates which are from
UI path, okay? Now, here the most commonly used would be something which is called the
Robotics Enterprise Framework, right? That's what we are going to see later, right? A later part of
this session, right? Robotics Enterprise Framework created a transitional process for the large scale
deployment. 99% of the times you are going to use this guy which is the Robotics Enterprise Framework,
okay? So, you have the processes and you have the templates. Apart from that, you have these four
components here, these three, sorry, template. Let's say you are an experienced developer now,
you have a group of team and your company wants a different template, right? So, in majority of
the company, they start with RE Framework and then they realize that RE Framework is more kind of a
wider scope, but my company has different practices. My company has different rules, different
regulation which I want my developers to follow, so I'll go and create my own template.
You can do it for test automation here, you can start a blank project for test automation
and you can use create something which is called library which is nothing but the reusable component,
right? Reasonable component simply, I have created a small piece of code and I believe that all my
team member might need it, I can simply create a reusable component shared with them so that they
don't have to rewrite the automation again and again, right? Very simple plain interface into the
start menu, okay? New project template, okay. Now on the left side, you have something which is called
tools, right? And this would be important for you when you are working on different plugins and
right? So in the tools, you have something which is called UIPath extensions, so today if I have to
work on the edge or if I have to work on the chrome, I need to install the UIPath extensions,
right? So, I go to tools, I go to extension, as you can see, I have installed the extension for
Firefox, I have installed the extension for edge, but I have not installed the extension for the chrome.
So that means that if I go and try to automate Google Chrome with UIPath, I won't be able to do
because I don't have an extension. What is an extension? Extension is simply a plugin which is
installed on your browser or on that application that allows the communication between the things,
right? And in case it is installed, you won't be able to do that, right? So you have it for SAP,
Excel, Amazon, Citrix, Silverlight, Java and all this stuff, right? Which is available in this one,
you have a extensions, okay? At any point of time, if you are facing an extension error,
you can come to the tools, you have a extension and install it as simple as that, right?
The next thing which you will see is something which is called plugins. The plugins are like
if you want to connect to the Git SVN and TFS, this is my personal laptop, so I am using Git,
so that's why I have enabled my Git plugin. You can toggle this off, you get plug-in with
if you are using Apache or TFS, you can just toggle this on and you would be getting an option to
check in the code to Git SVN or TFS, right? And then you have these plugins for test manager and
text explorer into the plugins, okay? So that's in the tools, right? And then these are the apps which
are mostly used as I would say whenever you have to repair, whenever you have some project mass
update tool, right? Some kind of apps which we'll talk in a later moment, right? Then you have
the templates, which exactly the same thing. Team why I'm getting only Git because into the
plugins, I have only enabled Git, that's why in the team, I am only getting Git. If in the tools,
you enable SVN and TFS, in the team, you would have all these options here, right? And then
Git init disconnect, all this is your normal source control. Then you have this guy which is
the setting, you can change the theme, light, dark, all of that, you can do here, you can do all
of these things. Most of you, you might not understand, but eventually when you actually land into
that problem, then you can come here and you can change it, right? So you can change where do you
want to publish it, how do you package it, which profile you want to use, what is the code editor size,
right? Normal settings are available for you into the settings, right? So that's about the UI
path menu, which is available here, right? Any questions? Till this point.
Yeah, couple of questions. One is Mukesh, I ended up like, you know, we can have a plugin of
in order to connect with our source control system. For example, Git, if I'm taking an example,
to let them, if I'm creating my project, if I want to push it to the grid, or if I want to have
repository, will I be having some CLI, or would I be having some option that I can push it from
straight from this UI? Yes, absolutely. So if I understand your question, you have a project,
you have written it, and you want to push it to the Git, how do you do that? So for that,
you just have to enable the Git from the source, which is available here into the tools,
you have enabled the Git, right? And then from here, now you just have to go to the team,
and you have to clone the repository. All those things are available from here. And now whenever you
are, you are connected to the Git, whenever you go and you add any project, it will be directly
added to the repository, which you have configured here. So all this check in, check out option at the
individual file level, everything would be available for you directly from your Apache studio.
You do not have to do it from the folders, right? Unlike in many other tools, you might have seen
where the developer is doing this stuff from the folders, right? Yeah, all of the CLI, yeah.
Yeah, no, no, nothing. It is all low code, which is directly available into the project of your
Apache studio here only. Okay, that's really good feature actually. Yeah. And second is like,
you know, apart from that, like, just for my information, what are the texts that like what
UI path is built on like what language, but on the behind the scene, this is working on actually.
Okay, okay. That I'll answer in next 30 seconds, right? When I click on the process, can we go
to the next one next question? Sure. Okay, cool. Any more questions we have on this? Okay, cool.
So we understand this and we have all these templates and all this stuff here, right? Now,
now when I start our automation, I have two ways. I can go here and I can start from the template,
but since we are starting, we'll go here and we go start with something which is called create new
process. Okay, here. Yeah. Then you are going to provide this thing. So let's say, I just say,
this is introduction, right? So I'll just mention
introduction to Rp and maybe I'll just put it like session so that I understand that this is for
this session, right? Introduction to Rp and then what is the description? Good practice whenever
you're writing, make sure you always always provide the description. Okay, where do you want to
store it? Here is your answer. Okay, got it. Thank you. Right. So basically, whenever you write the
code into this project, right? And any point of time, if you're writing some expression,
you have two options, you can write VB, you can write C sharp, right? So you, based on your preference,
you can use VB and C sharp. And the other thing is it's not only restricted to VB and C sharp,
apart from that, if you want to do, you always has an option to invoke Python, you always has
an option to invoke PowerShell. This language is specifically meant so that you can write the syntax.
So when you're writing the programming, if logic, when you are converting the data type from,
let's integer to string, string to double, right? What syntax you want to use? So that syntax,
I am comfortable with VB, so I can go to VB, if you're comfortable with C sharp, you can go to
C sharp, right? But additionally, let's say you have already a Python project, ML skill, any,
what you call PowerShell script, which is written, you can always invoke that as well, right?
So you go here and you go and you click on this guy, which is the create and that creates the first
project for you into the UI path. And it will take a couple of times. Just notice here,
it's creating this automation for you and then you would get this thing, which is called the
restoring dependencies, right? When you're learning, right? Just see what is the messages which are
coming, right? Then only you would be able to relate, right? So if you see here, it says I am trying
to restore the dependencies and then says loading the project, right? So there is a new thing which is
coming now dependencies, right? Restore the dependencies. So now we need to be
ask the question, right? What is what was that? Dependencies, right? Where it is this, right? So see,
adding the dependencies, right? So all these things will pop up, right? So be curious about it and try
to learn all these things, right? So now you have this project which is open, right? First thing first,
at the bottom, you would see here, you are getting this one, this answers your question, add to source
control. Okay, got it, right? And we'll talk about all of this stuff in a little later moment,
right? So first time when you open the UI path interface, you would see it like this.
Okay, at the top you have the home which is nothing but the same thing, right? So then you are only
left with the design and the debug, okay? So in the design tab, you have all these options.
New, what do you want to create? Save. I hope this is understand, save, save, is right?
Cloud and all. I'll understand, cut, copy, undo, redo. This is you can do here and then you have
something which is called the debug which is to find the errors, to run the automation and all
those stuff, right? Eventually when we come to the places, we'll try to utilize all of this in a
step-by-step manner, right? So you have this option. Initially you just need to know that where do
you start the auto, where do you create a new automation, which is in the design from the new tab
and to run, you go to this guy which is the debug, right? These are the two things which you should
know, right? On the left-hand side menu, you have something which is the project, okay? And here
it is the dependencies, right? Yeah. So this is the project and this is the dependencies.
So now, as an RPA project, right? It can do a lot of things, right? It can connect with database,
it can connect with Excel, it can send in emails, it can do word automation, powerpoint automation
and all those things it can do, right? But before it connect to word, before it connect to powerpoint,
before it connects to anything, I need to add those dependencies to this project.
And that is what these dependencies are here for. You have Excel, mail, so UIPa says that,
okay, you created this project, okay? UIPa does not know that today if I want to do the database
automation, I want to do an Excel automation, I want to do a word, I want to do PPT, I want to do
Salesforce, SAP, it has no idea. So what UIPa does is, whenever you create a new project, it just adds
the basic dependencies for you, which means that it can, it understand that Excel, email,
system activities and UI automation, which is user interface automation. So it only added these
dependencies to your project, right? At any point of time, if you want to add more, you can add the
dependencies. So what do we get by adding these dependencies? By adding these dependencies,
you get the activities, right? Which is the second tab into your project on the left menu.
Now, what are the activities? Activities are the building blocks of any automation.
So if I have to build an automation, I would need to have the activities,
activities are the building block of automation that executes and then it completes the automation,
right? So what has happened here? When we created this project, the project has added these
dependencies. Now, if I go to the activities, if I collapse everything, you would see that,
I have four tabs here. In the installed, it is telling me that these are the activities which
are installed for you. So if you see here into my, I have added the Excel, that's why in the activities
in the installed, I would have the Excel here into the data. If I just go here and I say Excel,
you would see that it would be available into the installed app integration and the Excel, right?
But let's say today I want to do a PDF automation, right? Do you see the dependency of PDF here?
No, it's not here. So I go to the activities and now if I have to do PDF and if I search here PDF,
it is not installed, but it is available, right? It is available.
So you have this showing you that you have typed PDF and I have all these activities which are
available. Do you want to do them or not, right? So for example, I want to read a PDF today,
right? So I can just go here and I say read a PDF and let's see what happened.
So I say read a PDF in the available. I have this, right? But there is nothing which is installed,
right? So now if I have to read a PDF, I have all these options which are available. Let's say
merge the PDF, get PDF and all those stuff, right? So if I have to utilize them, then I need to add
those dependencies. As of now, I don't have the dependencies. So I will not be able to use, right?
Let me click on this one, which is the open main workflow, right? I'll talk about it.
This is the blank canvas, right? So I go to the activities and if I just now drag and drop,
let's say extract PDF, right? I'm just dragging and dropping here. Now see what happens.
Restoring the dependencies, downloading the dependencies, installing the packages.
I see. So it's adding dependencies. It's adding dependencies, right? But for the dependencies,
which are already added, you won't see this message because those are already available with you.
That are already installed. So when you create a project, by default, you have at some of the dependencies,
right? It's not available. You need to add the dependencies. So I drag and drop it here. It's
telling me that, okay, you try to add this activity. I see that you don't have the packages. You don't
have the dependencies. So let me go ahead and install the activity, install the packages for you.
And once this is available, you would be able to utilize the activities into your automation.
And it will do, right? It will take a couple of minutes depending on your internet speed and
whatever package you have selected, right? And once it is done, then you would see that thing directly
into your dependency. Okay, so let's wait here. So whenever you find looking for some dependency,
and if it is not present, I just will simply drag here like on the canvas. Yeah. And it will add
automatically. Yes, but if you are using, let's say, your on-prem version of thing, right? You might
not have this option of drag and drop, then you might need to add it again, right? So that also,
I'll show it to you how you can add it, right? So this was one way of adding the dependencies,
where you just drag and drop the activities, you have to understand, because mine is connected,
connected to the cloud account, right? So it has access to all the activities, right?
Maybe you're in enterprise and you might not have that, right? So it says installing packages.
I think I selected the DU1, that's why it's taking a long time. Depending on the size of the dependencies,
it takes the time, right? Yeah. Now meanwhile, it is installing on the bottom of the screen,
you have the output, right? As the name suggests, breakpoints, output, whatever output you will see here,
at any point of time, if you have some errors, those errors will be visible here into the error list,
and then you have the breakpoints and bookmark, which I'll discuss in a later point of time, right?
So I added that activity, and now if I just go to just minimize this, okay?
If fresh, if fresh, and you can see here now, it has added the UI part.Document understanding of
activities, right? So I just drag and drop that activity, here, see, the activity came,
and it automatically added this, right? Let's say, today I want to do a word automation,
I do not have had any dependencies for word, right? One way is to you just go here and drag and drop,
but this feature might not be available, so you can go to the project, into the dependencies,
right? Click, click on this guy which says manage, right? Right? Click, manage, manage,
that opens this, manage the dependencies, this is also available into the design tab with this
button which says manage the packages, okay? So you click on this, open the same, it says project
the dependencies, word dependencies you want to add, so I want to add word, so I just say
uipart.word and you will see all the dependencies with not in the project because the project has
not related to word, but into the all packages, I have this one, can go here and I can install
and I can say, okay? Now I would have that dependency also added,
okay? Yeah, so before you have any activities available, you need to have the dependencies,
project dependencies added to this, right? And this is the project, which is available here,
okay? So you have the project, you have the activities and you have the snippet, which is nothing
but uipart has written some little code for you, which you want to utilize, so this is just
some sample codes, right? Some code snippets which are there, okay? So now whenever you create a
project, you get this thing and in every project, you would have something which is called main.sample,
which is indicated by this small arrow, which means that whenever you run this project,
this would be the first file to run, right? If you are coming from a programming background,
you would understand that we can have multiple different different files, right? We'll talk about
those, but which would be the first file to trigger, right? So that is indicated by this guy,
that small arrow you see here, that small green arrow, main.sample, right? You can have more
than one, you can change all of that in a later point of time, but main.sample is the first file,
which the automation is going to trigger at this point of time, okay? Got it. And then the last thing
for today is you have an option to publish here as well. Once you have created this automation,
you have done all this stuff, right? I have done this coding, everything done. How do I publish it?
At the top, you have an option, which is say, publish, you click on that and it's going to publish
this automation, okay? As of now, it's not going to publish, but that is how you publish it here.
Where do you want to publish to which orchestrator, which stand in, and then you publish, and this
goes to your cloud, right? The orchestrator, this guy, right? All of that in the little part of
publishing means like signing it to orchestrator. Yes, then you get package. Got it.
We'll discuss about it in a practical way once we actually build that, okay?
So that's it for this session, and the assignment for you would be to just complete the learnings
from your apatha academy. You have the your apatha academy access with you, right? You know what
is academy, right? Academy.uapar.com, and there you have a course for the developer foundation,
right? You can just start with the development foundation course, and you can just refer to
the things, right? So, and if you go to my channel as well, you would see these same videos
into the UAPA beginner series. If you want to get into more details that which automation
is a good candidate for automation, what is the RP lifecycle, what are the roles and responsibilities,
right? So you can start watching from here. Get started with RPA. This has all the details,
which I explained that how to install it. What is the good automation project? What are the
components, right? So today we have covered this, this and this, right? Okay, great. So now let's go
to the next module. So, the next module is about the type of workflows we have in UAPA.
When it comes to building of the projects into UAPA, I can build it in a sequence,
flow chart, state machine, RE framework, and a different kind of workflows are available.
So as a beginner, you should understand that selecting the correct type of workflow for the correct
type of requirement is important, and that is what we are going to explore in this chapter.
So in the last session, right, we have seen that how you can actually create the project,
how you can create the new process. We little bit talk about the project, dependencies,
activities, right? How these activities are coming? Dependencies and all right. Now whenever we
start a project, right? First thing, we have to decide as at the beginning of the project,
that what kind of workflow I want to create, right? So you go to new and then you have all
these options which are available, right? Now as a developer, you need to understand that do I need
to create a sequence, do I need to create a flow chart, state machine, form, workflow,
what do I need to create, right? Because if you select the wrong kind of workflow,
then it is difficult for you to come back and do the changes, right?
So the first step of the automation or even writing a functionality or even just writing
hello world, right? You should understand that what is my workflow which I am going to create,
right? And that is what we call types of workflow, okay? So UI path has a couple of workflows,
like sequence, flow chart, state machine, and then we have something which is called global
exceptional handler. The others one are just more kind of an advanced one which will also cover
but at a brief, right? So most of the times you are going to use only sequence, flow chart, and
the state machine and sometimes you are also going to use the global exception handler. Now
let's start with something which is called sequence. Sequence as the name suggests where the things
are happening one by one. It is suitable for the small kind of projects. It can be something like
I have, let's say requirement, okay? Let me just pull up this note pad, okay? I have a requirement
where I have to read an Excel, okay? Copy the data and send an email.
Let's say copy data to sheet 2 and send an email. Now if you look the flow, right? The flow of
the automation is step 1, step 2, step 3. All these steps are happening one by one. That means this
is a sequence, right? In other example could be open the website, log it to the website,
download the data and maybe send a report, right? Now if you see here,
both of these examples are happening one by one, step 1, step 2, step 3, step 1, 2, 3, 4,
right? So there is no deviation in the execution and that's where we actually use something which
is called sequence, right? However, let's say there is a requirement now, let's talk about the
second use case where you have to open a website, you have to log in and then based on the log in,
whether it is an employee log in or whether it is a, let's say admin log in.
If it is an employee log in, then you have to do these steps, but if it is an admin log in,
then you have to change the password and then you have to
send a notification, something like this or maybe send an email right here.
So now if you see here, you don't know, right? Who the person is going to log in or what log in
credential the automation is going to use? So if it is an employee log in, someday it could be 1,
2, 3, 4 or someday it could be 1, 2, 4, 1, 2, 5 and 6, right? So that means your
flow of the automation might change. Since it is having a flow, that's why it is called the
flow chart, which is the next kind of workflow. So the first one which I talk about was the sequence
as mentioned in the presentation, it is the smallest type of the project suitable for linear
process. They do not use connectors, I'll talk about it, what are connectors? Sequences can be
used and automation goes from one activity to the another activity and this is the sequence,
right? However flow chart is used when we have multiple branching operation. So you started the
automation here, then you need to take a decision, should I go on the true part or should I go on
the false part? So whenever you have something like this where you have a branching kind of things,
then you are going to use something which is called flow chart, wherever you have decisions in
the automation, right? You are going to use something which is called flow chart, okay? Let's
try to see that in practicals and then you would understand. So this is my your patch studio,
okay? So first thing first I go here and I create a new and I say new sequence, right? So this is
a sequence, I'll just keep it to sequence and I'll say create and this is a sequence which is
created, okay? Now how do you add the activity, right? Before you start any automation,
first of all you as a developer should know what you are going to do, right? If you are not
clear with that, take a note pad and just write your steps that what you want to do with the
automation, right? So for example today I want to write an automation where I want to first say
hello UI path, okay? And then after that I want to say maybe hello Mukesh and then I want to say
bye bye, right? So basically my steps are fixed predefined and that's what we call as something
which is called process design document or PDD, right? Whenever you start an automation,
you have a PDD which is nothing but the list of steps which you are going to do in the automation.
So for a small process it would look something like this, first say hello then you say this and
then you say bye, right? Now if you see here, what do you think? This is a sequence or this is a
flow chart, this is a sequence, right? So I can just go here and I can just go here and I want to show
a message, right? So I can just go here and I search message and you would see a lot of activities
for message, I want a message box, so I just drag and drop an activity called message box,
right? Which is used to show a message? And then it says text must be coded, right? Now one thing
which you notice here is UI path is it's so intuitive, right? You might be looking this for the
first time, but it is guiding you text must be coded, that whatever you write must be coded, right?
So I have put the coded which is double codes. So whatever you want to do, just say hello,
UI path, right? After that what you want to do, you have two options, you can just drag and drop
the activities from here again or you can just use this plus button to add the next activity.
So I want to use the message box, so I just use the message box, right? Then I say,
okay, and then I can again use one more message box and I just say bye-bye, right? Now this completes the
automation. Now the thing which you should realize here is this is the UI path studio, okay? This guy
is a different product of UI path. Last time we talked about the UI path assistant which is this guy,
right? Which looks like this, as of now if you would see it is not doing anything, right? It is just
sitting idle not doing anything. Now whenever I go to the automation which we created and I go here
onto the top and I just say run, right? So I just want to run this file, right?
Which is a new file, which is a new separate piece of automation, so I just go here and I say run
the file. When I say run, it will run the complete project, right? I just want to run this part
of the automation which is currently open on the screen. So I will go and I select run the file,
okay? Now just focus here what happens. When I say run the file, you would notice that it is
compiling the activities and it is trying to compile run the automation but the actual run of the
automation will happen from this guy which is UI path assistant. You see here session introduction
RPA, the job has started, right? And it has given you the hello UI path button. See?
Which is from this? As soon as I click, okay? Now it's going to the second one which is Hello
Mukesh, which is a sequence, right? And now if you see the UI path assistant, right? It is saying
that the job has started processing which means that every time you run an automation, you need
UI path assistant, okay? Why that is important because when you go into the production and into
the server machines, right? You need to install this component which is UI path assistant because
this guy has the capability to run the automation. Same like as of now I have triggered the automation
from studio. When you trigger it from orchestrator, it looks exactly the same way. So this guy,
UI path assistant is the one responsible for running the automations, okay? It says bye bye, okay?
Job done and assistant is now again free, right? So in the reasons you can see that whatever we have
done but yes here, not sorry here. Green, right? So this green status is connected and
licensed, right? Now, I have a question for you, right? Let's say your path studio is already
running one process, okay? Do you think it would be able to run the other process at the same time?
No unless. Yes, correct, right? Yeah, at a time it can run only one four ground process, right? So
if it is busy, right? If it has a message box which the person has to click, okay, and you are not
able to click, you don't do it, right? So that's why this guy is responsible for running the automation
understood the concept of assistant, I guess now better, right? Just a question like, yeah, how to
enable this one like the this window actually, let's say the assistant window. For example, when I
am running from studio but basically studio is running, yeah, assistant is running but if I want to
see this one, you can just close this, it will automatically open, you can just go to the start
menu and search assistant and it would be here. When you install your path studio, it comes
by default with your path studio, okay? Yeah, so whatever you run studio does not run anything,
it just gives the command to the assistant to run it, okay? So this was your sequence, right? Where
you have the automation happening in step by step, okay? Now let's go to the next one which is the
flow chart. Flow chart is, I just name it to flow chart. Flow chart is like when you have a flow
of automation, right? Again, same like this, we have to decide, right? What is the flow of the
automation, right? So for example, let's take, I'll also teach you how do you take inputs, right?
in the automation. So for example, I want to ask the user to maybe
enter their marks, okay? I'm just asking the user to enter their marks and if I would say the marks
is greater than let's say 80, right? We give them the first division, else
if the marks, I'll just keep it simple, right? If the marks are less than 80, we give them the second
division, right? So this is our automation. Now if you notice here, this is the step one of the
automation. Student is going to keep give the marks, right? As a automation developer, right? I'm not
sure. He can enter 80, he can enter 100, he can enter 200, he can enter 20, right? So I cannot use
sequence in this position because I have a flow, right? And that's where you have to use something
which is called flow chart. The flow chart looks something like this, right? It has something which
is called connectors, sequence does not have connectors. So when I keep my mouse here, you see those
four, these are the connectors, right? Where do you want to connect it? Now when you go to the
activities here and you search here flow chart, you would have only limited activities flow chart,
this one, you have flow switch and you have a flow decision, right? So first thing first,
I want to see what was the thing, I want to ask the user to enter the marks, right? I want to have
an input. So I'll go to the activities and I say input, input dialogue, right? I just drag
and drop it here. Okay? You can double click to open it. What should be the title? I say enter
the marks, okay? And all self-explanatory, what is the label? Do you want a text box or you want
a multiple choice question? I want a text box, right? And now it says that, what is the value entered?
Now this is the point where you need to have a little knowledge of programming.
I want to ask the user to enter the marks, right? Now this guy is asking me,
the user is going to enter some value, right? In your pop-up, where do you want to store it,
right? Because if you want to use in the program, you want to store it somewhere, right? By default,
it has created a variable called variable something called result, right? But if you do not want it,
you just can click on this plus button here and you say create variable, right? We don't have
anything. Now what are variables? We'll talk about in the next session, but in simple words,
variables are the things which can store the value during the programming, okay? So we ask the user
to enter the marks. I don't have anything to store, right? So I just go here and I say create a
variable. It's asking me, what do you want to call them? I say that, call it marks. That's it,
right? Now what do you think? What should be the marks? Is it a string? Is it a number?
Is it a proof-alls, right? That's where number, right? So that's where a little bit of programming
is required. Starting first, start with vb.net, right? So I say that my user will put that number
and that number is going to be integer. That's it, okay? We'll talk about the variables in more
detail, but I hope you understand this part, right? So very simple. I just go to flowchart now
and input dialog will ask the user for the input, which we have stored in a variable whose name was
marks, right? Now I can just go here and now coming to the flowchart again, I just go here and
I search flowchart. I have flow decision, flow switch and the flowchart. I'll drag into
this guy, which is the flow decision. Here, here you can put it. I can put it here, flow decision.
I go to the properties, right? This is the properties, right? What is the condition, right?
So now I want to introduce you to something which is called properties, right? Every activity
or at least some of the activities, I think most of the activities have something which is called
properties, which means how do you customize it, right? Same like we customize our wallpaper,
we customize our laptop, we customize our email, right? Different format, different colors
and all right? So if you go to the input dialog, which we just configured, you go to the properties,
it showing that all these fields are customizable for you, right? The title, the results, this thing
and all right? Similarly, the flow decision has something which is called properties.
Now it's asking me, Mukesh, what is your condition? So what is my condition? My condition is,
mark should be greater than 80. So I just go here and I say, marks, I got the variable, right?
Because I just created greater than 80. And then you would see here, it would have a true branch
and it would have a false branch, see? If marks is greater than 80, then what do you want to do?
So let's put a message box, okay? And then I just connect it to this, like this. So this is
the true branch, I'll just copy paste it and this is the false branch, right? So if you see the
you can keep your mouse. If marks is greater than 80, what do you want to do?
In the message box, I just want to say he is the first division. And if this condition is false,
I want to go here and I want to say that he is the second division, right?
Yeah. And that's it. So we created a flow chart, which you can adjust, which you can do here
and there, right? All of this. Now flow decision will work. So I'll save this, we'll go here and
we'll say, run the file. Now notice, as soon as I run the file, the command is going to go to the
the UAPAT assistant, which is responsible for running the automation, right? Started this,
and open this, here it is, here it is, here it is, right? So it's asking me enter your marks,
right? So I ask 90 and I say, okay, it says first division, right? It went through this route.
So wherever you have this condition, it will use the flow chart, right? Now,
sometimes you would have situations where you have more than one conditions, right? So for example,
you are writing an automation for a company, right? Which has separate department, banking,
finance, you have insurance, right? And depending on this, you have to take a different set of
actions, right? But if you see here, you only have two branches, right? True and false. If you have
more than two conditions, that's where you go to activities, you search here, flow chart,
and you have this one which is called flow switch, okay? So instead of flow decision,
you also can use something which is called flow switch, which is having multiple condition.
I go to the properties and I can just say that I want to check for something which is called
marks, which is an integer, right? And then depending on that, you would notice that
I am getting multiple different kind of here. One,
this is the default, this is zero, right? Because I have put the integer value there,
that's why these are coming as one, two, three, four. See? Like this, right? You can create
multiples, understood? So the difference between flow switch and that
root decision, right? Any question till this point? No, Mukesh. Okay, great. So
that was about the flow chart, right? It is used to helpful to create the context menus and you
can also auto-arrange the stuff, right? Now, the third and the most important one is something
which is called the state machine, right? So if you're coming from a programming background,
you would have, or maybe from the operating system or the background, right? You would have
listen to a term which is called state machine, which is a model driven programming,
which means that you can have only, the automation can go from one state to another only
when it is triggered by some event, right? Before I come to that definition, let me give you
a real-time example, right? So you see this, the first example is a traffic signal, right? You
might have, you have red, you have green and you have the yellow, right? Now, at one point of time,
your signal would be either red, either green, or either yellow, correct? What happens that you
are driving a car and you see red and the green? Is that machine working properly?
No, right? No. Because at a time your thing can be only red, only green, and only yellow. So that
is one of the property of state machine, which means that at one point of time, your automation
is at the one stage, which simply means that till the time I have logged into the website successfully,
the automation should not attempt to fetch the data, right? Till the time I have downloaded the
file, the automation should not go and send a email, right? Till the time I have not read the
configurations, you should not start the automation. If my browser is not opening in the first place,
there is no point in going to try and extract the data, right? Because your browser is not there,
right? So for example, you have created an automation where you want to extract the data from Google
Chrome, but one find your admin, installs the Google Chrome. Now, it really does not make sense to
do the automation till the time you find the Google drive or sorry, the Google Chrome is not available,
right? So that means that at one point of time, your automation should be at the one stage,
it should not go to the other state, one example of state machine. The other one is an ATM machine,
right? You go to the ATM machine, you insert the card first step, you enter the pin, second step,
you enter the amount and then you do the withdrawal. Because all these are steps which are happening,
what happens some day you go, you insert the card and you directly get the amount or you insert the
card, you enter the pin and there is no money, right? That means there is something which is wrong
with the machines, right? So this is actually, this concept is called the concept of state machine
where the automation has to be in one stage and whatever you do has to happen in one by one.
Now, what are you framework did? Sorry. So what UI part take this from this concept? So how
UI part has used this concept is called something which is called state machine. So wherever you have
event driven programming, you use something which is called state machines. So whenever we write any
enterprise level automation, we use state machines because we want the automation to be in one stage,
we want to write it in a control environment, right? That's where we use something which is called
state machines, okay? You might be thinking, what is the benefit? The first thing is it is flexible,
it can easily add and remove state. Whenever you write business logics, right? You want to have
the business logic separate from the system logic, which simply means that if I have an
insurance client or a customer and I have a database. So if my database fails, it should have no
impact on the insurance customer. The insurance customer should not get an email saying that hey,
there is a database error. Take it the other way around, right? You are the developer of a company,
your orchestrator is down. Who should get the notification? The insurance guys or the developer?
The developer. The developer, right? If there is something wrong with the business process,
then the business person should get the errors. So that means that you need to segregate the
business logic and the system logic. All of that is done with the help of state machine, right?
You can have multiple transition, you can have cell transition, example of state machine is the
robotics enterprise framework, which means that UIPath has given us a framework, which is called
robotics enterprise framework, which is an advanced concept of UIPath, which means that any project
we built, we built on state machine, which also means that any project we built is built on
RE framework, right? So RE framework looks like this. This is a screenshot from UIPath studio,
whenever you create a project, you have something which is called RE framework. This is the same thing,
which I showed you in the previous session, right, about the templates that UIPath created a template.
So they have created templates for the business process automation using something which is called
state machine, okay? Now when you drag and drop a state machine for the first time,
it only have two activities. One is the state. So first,
second and third. What do I mean by that? Let me just show that to you in here.
So this was the flow chart. I'll go here and I'll take a state machine.
And now if you see here in the state machine exactly look like same the flow chart,
but if you go to the activities and you search here state machine, you would see only two activities,
final state and state. I drag and drop an activity call state and then I drag and drop an activity
called final state. It has only two activities. One is state and one is final state.
If I open the state, it has three sections, entry, exit and the transition.
Wherever the final state has only one state, which is entry. Now why this is important?
As a developer, you need to understand how the execution order happens. It simply this slide
indicates that you have three sections in the state machine. First, whatever code you have
written in the entry section that will execute. Second, reframe work or the state machine will look
for the transition and then the exit block will execute. So these are nothing. If you see here,
these are nothing but the plain blocks of code entry, exit and transition. So whatever code
you write in entry, that will execute first. Whatever transition will happen, second transition
will happen and third, it will execute the code which is written here. This is the same thing
which you are going to utilize into your test manager and the next advanced concept test will
write that how does reframe work work. You need to understand that how does the reframe work work.
First, it will execute the code which is written in entry, then the transition and then the exit.
However, in the final state, you only have one state which is called the entry state.
So three major workflows in Uipatha state sequence, flow chart and state machines.
State machines are going to use whenever there is an enterprise level big project. We start
with something which is called state machine or you can also say that we are going to use the
robotics enterprise framework. It has a lot of benefits. The last one today is called the
global exception handler which is called G handler. As the name suggests, global exception handler.
You are writing a project and now you want to design and determine the project behavior.
You do not know whenever there is an error which is happening, you want to do something.
There are some exceptions which are not caught. We will talk about this more when we go into the
exception handling, but G handler is just a mechanism which is provided by Uipath so that any
uncaught exception is handled by the Uipath. If you go here, you go to the new, you have something
which is called global handler. As the name suggests, global handler, any exception in this project
which is not handled will be taken care by this guy which is called global handler.
Here you can just mention what do I have to do? If there is a choose the next behavior, what do you
want to do? In simple words, as a developer, you have written a program. Now there might be some
exception which are unhandled which you didn't thought about. Now what happens to the process?
All of those exception, everything would be taken care by this guy which is called the global
exception handler, also one kind of workflow. That is it. We have just covered that in the
high level details. You can watch the other videos where we are explaining this in more details,
but at a high level you have sequence, flow chart, state machine and the G handler.
Before I come to the questions, I want to show you the other things which are available.
You have the forms. Form simply means that if you want to create an interface on top of the
automation, you can use something which is called form. I can click on it and you can see this.
Form is like, I need to install the package. I am not going to do that. You can just install the
package. Form is like, let's say, you want to create an interface where you have a text box,
you have a button, you have a label. All that is driven by the form. We talk about
sequence, flow chart, state machine form, the workflow. It is exactly the same. You can decide
here what do you want to create, sequence, flow chart or the state machine. These are the only
main three type which we just discussed. That is why you have sequence, flow chart, state machine,
forms, workflow. Now you see this one, coded workflow. Coded workflow, if you click on that,
it simply means that people who are more comfortable in writing the code and if you want to write a
shisha code, you can just write directly the code here. This is the coded workflow which
is available here. Then you have these two which is the coded test case. In case you want to
not use the test manager, you want to write the test cases directly with the shisha.
You can use the coded test cases as well. You have the code source file.
Click on that, create a new source code shisha file which is this and then lastly you have
the global handler. Majority of the time, you are only going to use the top three. Sequence,
flow chart and the state machine. Majority of your RP automations will revolve around this.
Form will come when you want to create a user interface and these are more kind of the ad hoc
depending on the developers. Sequence, flow chart and state machines, we are going to utilize.
You have a question? No, I am good. That was about this one which is the sequence,
which is the flow chart and which is the state machine, which you found here, which you find here.
Just after that you have this small window which is called the debug file. It has
four options here. If you see it closely, you have four options. You have run,
you have debug, you have run the file and the big button itself is called the debug file.
It is important to understand the difference. How does it work? It is a very
do you understand what is the difference between running debug?
Yes. Run means that when you want to run the project and to end and debug means
when there is an error, I want to find the debugging. Now, running the project, debug means
debugging the project. You have other option which is called run the file and then you have another
option which is called debug the file. Simply means that whichever file is available on the canvas,
if I only want to run that file, so this run means running the project and this debug means
running the complete project. That is why you have four options here. If I just want to run,
let's say this sequence, so I go to the drop down and I say run the file, only run this file.
But if I want to run all the complete project, everything, I just go and I select run. Similarly,
I want to just debug this. I just click on this button which is debug the file. In case I want
to debug the complete project, I will go and select the debug and then you have the cut copy paste,
undo redo, all of that you already know. The next thing is you have this button which we
can save and you can save as. So yeah, so that's it. Awesome. Good to see you guys. You have
this point. Okay. So the next chapter we are going to see here is the variables and the arguments.
Now whenever I have created two different workflows. Now an enterprise use case won't be created
into a simple sequence. You would be a lot of developers who are working in parallel and that
always has a requirement to pass the data from one piece of automation or in other words,
one workflow to another workflow. How do I manage all of that data and then not every data will
be always a string. Sometimes you would need to deal with integers, double complex things like
JSON, dictionaries, linked list list, sorry, not linked list list. So how do you manage the variables
and how do you pass the data between one workflow to another workflow? That is what we are going to see
in this chapter of variables and arguments. So talking of the agenda, this we are going to cover today
which would be talking about variables, creating variables, managing arguments and what all
steps are important for us to get started with. Okay. Now first thing first, right.
For example, if I ask you a question, right, that you have to store some kind of let's say data.
I forgot about data, right. So for example, I tell you that today you have to carry water from one
place to another. Tomorrow, I tell you that tomorrow, you have to carry maybe some rice and day after
tomorrow, I say that now you have to carry some kind of cake from one place to another. Now,
do you really think that there can be one container which would be actually precisely able to fit all
these three kind of items? No. No. Right. You can do it. Yes. Absolutely. We can argue that yes,
I can bring a plate and all this. But that won't be an optimum. I would say utilization of resources.
Right. Yeah. Because the cake cannot go into the bottle, the water cannot go in the plate and
so on and so forth. Right. Yeah. The same way, the same way, right. If I have to pass data from one
activity to another activity. So when I say activity, these are the building blocks of the
automations. Okay. Today, I'm writing an automation where I have to read the data, pass it to the
browser. Right. So I need to pass the data from one piece to the other piece. Right. So basically,
to pass the data from one place to another, I would need something which is called a container.
Right. And we cannot have a container, right, because same like we have different different
items, we can have different different data types. Someday, I might require to pass string.
Someday, I might require to pass integer. Someday, I need to pass, let's say, complex data type,
like data table. Right. That's why in simple terms, variables are the containers that are used to
store the data during the automation and pass the data from one activity to the other activity.
Okay. I'll talk about this default value in a while. So that was a quick introduction about variables.
Okay. Yeah. So this is how you have a studio. Okay. So I hope you understand the sequence,
flow chat, and all from our previous conversation. So today, I'm going to create something which is
called a sequence. Okay. And I'll name it as variables. My bad variables, best practice,
whenever you create the sequence, make sure that you rename it properly. Okay. Now, the first thing
first is these are all the activities which are available as we have seen. These are the building
blocks that at how do I want to build my automation. Okay. So today, I want to ask user for his name.
Okay. So I want to get input. So I just go here and I went and
got something which is called input dialogue. Right. Because I want to know the name.
And my simple automation is once I have got the name, I want to simply show a message to him
saying hello. So I just put a message box. And here it is. Right. So if you see here,
I have two activities, activity one, which is a input dialogue and activity two, which is a message
box. Now this activity input dialogue is asking me what do you want to have the title. So I am
just asking it that enter the name. And then it is asking me what should be the label. I say that
this should be the label. And then it is asking me what do you want. I want a text box. And in this
message box, I want to say hello to the user. So I just say hello. And then whatever the user will
put in that enter your name, I want to use it in this. So basically, technically, if you see this,
now you have to pass the data from one activity to the another activity. Right. And now this is
where as a developer or as an analyst, you need to understand that when I am talking about the name,
what data is named. And that's where we always say that RPA is not a low code platform.
It's not a no code platform. It's a low code platform, which means that you need to have
a little understanding of programming. Right. So now people who are coming from a background
and for you, right, you might understand that now when I have the name, what kind of variable should
I have? It should be a string. Right. I cannot store this to an integer. Right. So we have string.
We have integer and all those stuff. Right. So now to create the variable, I have to pass the data
from here to here. You see at the bottom, you have something which is called variables, arguments,
and imports. Okay. So if I go here and I click on this guy, which is the variables, this is the
place it is asking me to create a variable. Okay. So create a variable. So I want to store name. So I
just made it to name. Now here is the variable type. So basically you created that container.
Now you are path is asking me, okay. So you created that container. Now you tell me what data
you are going to store. Is it a Boolean? Is it a integer? It is a string? It is an array.
And then you see there is something which is browse for types. If you click on that, you would see
that these are all the dot net type, which are available, which you can create the variable.
Basically, if I want to do email automation, OCR, anything, I have all these things available
into UI path. That's why background of dot net always help. Okay. So now variable type, I have created a
string. And now all I have to do is value entered. When the user will enter the value, where do you
want to store the result? I want to store the result in a variable called name, which I just
created. And then whenever the user has put the data into the name, I am just saying him hello.
So I want to add the hello to the name. So this name is the same variable which we have used here.
I just save this, go here and I say run the file.
Okay. So now my UI path robot or my UI path assistant should work and then it will fire up.
See this green indicates that my UI path robot it says enter your name. I'm saying that my name is
Mukesh and I got a message box saying hello Mukesh. So that way I am able to pass the data from one
activity to the another activity. Okay. Now when you are trying to create the variable,
there are a lot of ways to create variable. Right. And product is improving. So this was the very old
way to create the variable. Now UI path has got this thing which is called the data manager here.
You see, as the name suggests, this is managing all your data. So you have the variables arguments,
constant process assets, everything, whichever you relate, you want during the automation is available
here. In case you don't want it, you can click on this filter and you can remove the additional stuff.
Right. So for example, we are only interested to see the variables. I'll just uncheck everything and
I have the variables. So you can create the variable from here also. And you can create the variables
from here also. The other way is you can also create variables by clicking on this small plus
button and then you see something which is called use variable and create variable. Pro programmers
actually prefer shortcuts. Right. Yeah. So you have a shortcut which is called control plus K K
as in kangaroo to create the variable. So I can hit control plus K and I can just create the variable
directly here. And it would be created. Okay. So these are the different different ways of creating
the variables. Okay. Now, important thing about variables which you should remember is that
it has something which is called default value which means that by default, it has a value.
You understand what is a default value? Yes. In case I'm not providing any input, this
would be used as the name. So let's say I have provided the name as UI path. Okay. Now if you see
here, if I just change this sequence and this is important because a lot of people get confused
here. Okay. Just pay attention. So I just renamed this thing. Right. Sequence. So now when the
automation will go, it will go by flow. So now I'm saying hello and then I'm directly
appending a name. I have added the value UI path which is the default. So it is going to run
in a sequence. So when I go here and I say run the file, the first activity which will execute
is this. It has something which is called name and the name has a default value which is UI path.
So it's going to run and it is going to say hello UI path. Right. That is the default value.
And then the program is going to ask your name. I provide my name but there was no further
action. So I stopped. Now why this is important? For example, I have no default value.
Now if I run this automation, what do you think? What would happen?
It would be hello. It would be hello. Let's go here and say hello. Run the file. Right.
And here it is. Right. Because the default value for string, it has taken. Okay. And then I
say pass it and then it's right. And now the good part about the variables is it value can be
overridden. Okay. What do I mean by that? So I have given a default value of UI path.
And then now if I run this, it's going to say hello UI path. But in between,
I use as an activity. And I say that whatever data you have in the name, I want you to replace it
with something which is called it's a new data. And now I am asking the user to provide a name
and then I am again asking it to hello and name. Right. So basically if you see here,
first I printed the default value. First activity. Right. Hello name. It's going to say hello UI path.
Then I went here and I updated the name to something which is called new data. So then if I run this,
then you will see hello new data. And then I'm asking the user for a value and then I'm printing
the name. So basically what is happening here is you have one variable which is
changing its value depending on the condition. You can think it off an automation scenario where
depending on the condition, you are updating the value and this is the final output. Right. So
we say hello UI path. And then it's going to have the new data which is say hello new data.
And then it's asking me for my name. I provide my name. And then I say okay. And then it says
hello to me. So basically what I have done is I have used the same variable and change it accordingly.
Right. Why it is important is because now if you see the final value for me was
Mukesh, whatever I have entered here. So this can be used in situation where you want to have
the final value and you want to keep the scope updating. Having said that today, let's say I want
to introduce a phone number. Should I use the same variable to store phone number as well?
I can use it. Nobody stops me. But should I use it? What do you think?
I think integer would be better than in string. Yeah, integer would be better than the string.
Right. So I call it in teacher, but then it says the name. Right.
Some rule of variable. One variable should be used only for one purpose.
If I have used to store it name, I'm not going to utilize it to do any other thing.
Okay. It's going to have the name, but today if I want a phone number, I can create something which
is called phone number. And then I say that this is an integer, blah, blah, blah and all those
stuff. Okay. So this is the variable. Variable has one under the important concept which is called
the scope, which you should remember. So for example, I just drag and drop a sequence. I hope you
now remember what is a sequence. Just drag and drop a sequence here. Okay. So this is my, let's say,
mean sequence. Okay. You have a lot of automation here. Okay. Then you have one more sequence,
which is let's say sequence number A. And then you have something which is called, let's say
say sequence number B. Okay. And by the way, you can just drag and drop activity like this.
Okay. So you don't need to rewrite and redo everything. You can just drag and drop activities
like this into the automations. Okay. So basically if you see here now, I have a main sequence.
Right. And
and here into the main sequence, I have this code. Right. Now think it like that. These are the
separate pieces of automation. This is sequence A and this is sequence B. I am writing an automation
where I want that this variable from this block of code should not share any data with this one.
Segregated logic. Okay. You can do that by just introducing something which is called scope. Okay.
So I just use an activity called a sign. I drag and drop it here. And I say that what is the
variable? I'm using control plus K as a shortcut to create the variable. I am saying that this is
variable in the A and it has a value which is like I am variable A. Okay. And now if you see in
the variables, it is the string, but the scope of it is only restricted to sequence A.
Okay. Now your sequence B, if I try to use it, if I just drag and drop a message box here,
and now if I try to use that variable, where A, I'm not getting it. Right. Because this is only
restricted to this. Right. However, if I just increase the scope of this sequence A, it's asking me
right here sequence A. It's only restricted to sequence A. But if I just increase this scope to
something which is called variables, what is variables? The parent. Okay. Right. So if I change
this scope to the parent, which is the variables, which is the name. Now if I go to the sequence B
and if I put a message box, now if you will see I am able to get the variable A.
So scope of the variables is important. Understood. Yeah. What is the scope of the variable? Right. So
is it sequence B, it is sequence A, or if you put everything to the main, it is available everywhere.
The second best practice is whenever you create variables, you need to define the scope.
If I don't need this variable here, you should restrict the scope of the variables to the container
where they are required. Yes, there would be always a situation where would require to pass the
data from here to here. Then you need to increase the scope. Right. But the scope should be restricted
to where they are defined. Now if I go to the sequence B, you see, I'm not getting anything. I
click on sequence A, I get everything from sequence A and for the parent. If I go to the sequence B,
I'm only getting from the parent, right, because sequence B is part of the parent, same like parent
and relationship. This is important. Okay. The third best practice about the variable is the name
should be proper. If I just use the variable like this where A variable one, does it work? Yes,
absolutely. It's programming, right. It will work. After 10 days, how would people know that what
was this variable created for? For example, I created this variable for storing the, let's say,
the college ID. I would just call it as college ID. One other way which people use it, let's say
developers use it, they just put the data type in front of it. Again, absolutely, just depending on
your wave coding. By this way, I can now anybody who is writing this automation, you can say that,
this is a string variable and this is storing the college ID. College ID. If I just put it like this,
let's say, integer underscore rule number, then I understand that yes, this is an integer variable
and storing the rule number and this is the sequence B. All of these properties can be controlled
from the data managers as well. The same concept which can control here and you can control here
as well. That was about the variables that, what all it can do, it has a scope, it has this,
it has this. If I go back to my presentation, now if I read about these definitions, you would
understand it. Containers to store the data, variables can store multiple data types,
typically used to pass the data from one activity to the another activity.
Your app supports a large amount of data from generic value text, number, data,
data, variable, time and time, you have elements to the dot-net variable type, it has a lot of
variables and default values can be provided while testing. Now we have seen how they are created,
you can create it from the body, you can create it from the properties, variable panel and same
like you can create, you can also remove the variables. How do you remove that? Just go here and
right click and you say delete, it's gone. So same like you add, you can delete also.
What are the type of variables? You have text, you have true and false, which is Boolean number,
array, date, time, which you can relate, and then you click more and then you have all these data.
A lot of list. Now let's talk about the best practices. Use the descriptive names,
example, first name. Recommended to use is the camel case for better
retability, first F capital and N capital, one variable for one purpose, which I already explained,
scope. Now you understand scope, scope should be minimized, it should not be maximized,
these are the best practices, which as a senior guy, you should also tell the developers
that how do you follow best practices. Prefix, you can use it like this, again it's completely
optional for data table, I can say data. Boolean variable name should imply true false.
This is important. Avoid negative names. A lot of the developers do this. What do I mean by that?
So for example, I am finding an element in the page. And I have to write a condition
that if the page is not found, then I have to do something.
So let's say negative condition. So I have to write a condition and I say that if
and then I have to check for a variable if the page is not found. So I can create a variable which
says page not found. And then I make it to Boolean. So now when I am writing a condition,
I would say page not found is true. It actually means that the page is not found.
But if I make it to false, what does it means? The page was found. So it create confusion and
it's difficult to read. Page not found is equal to false means that page was actually found.
So a better way of doing that would be you just create the variable in a positive sense.
Just a page found. Now when you write this, page found is equal to false which means that you didn't
found the page. Now you found the page. Simple thing but that's why because if you mess up the
true false condition, you are at the wrong place. So avoid using negative names.
Is file available? Is this right? That way you can utilize. So if I want to check the file,
I can say is file available? And then I can set it to true and false so that it's not
coding. We don't only do for ourselves. We have a group of developers. We have to work with
everybody. That's why we make sure that we follow best practices with whatever you are doing.
So that was about the variables. Let's jump to the next topic which is called the arguments.
I'll just delete this stuff from here. I'll just delete this. Now I'm going to go here and I create
a new sequence. First thing first, very easy. I am saying that this is my sequence A.
Let's define a use case which is called a sequence A. This is a very blank sequence. It has
nothing. The concept here is we have to ask the user for the name. I go to the activity and I use
something which is called input dialog. So I'm just asking the user to provide the name.
Very simple automation. Same thing. There are no variables. So you can just go here and you can
use something which is called create variable also. And then I say that name and I can just put
something which is called secq underscore A. So that I understand that this is from sequence A.
Very simple automation. That's what we have done. Now I can put a message box and I can print
the name. This you can think of a very large automation which has a lot of code which is written.
I have a new piece of automation now. Sequence number B.
That was sequence A. This is sequence B. In the sequence B we are asking the user to let's say
provide his country. And I say that this is my country a variable again which is coming
from sequence number B. Straight forward automation. Nothing fancy. Right. Now this you can think
of a very large automation sequence number A which has a lot of code, a lot of things,
functionality wise it is done. There is a new functionality which is taking care of the country.
Now there is a new sequence which we call as let's say merge or let's say
anything right merge sequence I will call it merge sequence. Now in this merge sequence my
requirement is I simply want to print the name and the country into the merge sequence.
Now if I go to the activities I use a message box and then I want to print the name
and then I want to print the country.
Okay. Simple use case. Where are my name and country in the sequence A and in the sequence B
basically into the different pieces of automations. Now what do you think?
How would I pass it? Right. Yeah. Understood. Yeah. That's where that's where you need arguments.
Okay. Variable are used to pass the data only between the ZAML file. This variable,
this is the variable. We were able to pass the data only between this. That's it. As soon as you move
out of it, this is gone. Sequence A is a new piece of automation. Sequence B is a new piece of
automation. Merge is a new piece of automation. So this and this can pass the data between them by
using variables. But when you have to pass the data between the different pieces of automations
or in another word different sequence or different different days, then you need something which
is called the arguments which you see here. Okay. So first difference between variables and arguments.
Variable is used to pass the data between the way activities. Arguments is used to pass the data
between the ZAML files. Okay. So now how do you work with arguments? If I click on arguments,
the same thing, right. It has the name. It has the type. It has the default value. But it has
something which is called direction. Right. So this is important and a lot of people get confused
here and this confusion stays with them. Right. So I try to make it clear by just using a simple example.
Okay. So we have something which is called sequence A. We have something which is called sequence B.
And we have something which is called Merge. Okay. In sequence A, I have the name. In sequence B,
I have the country and in here, I need to merge. Okay. Now if I ask you a simple question,
right, input and output. If I have to merge, if I have to get the data into the merge, right,
do I need input or would I be providing output? So in merge, it would be input.
Correct. So in merge, it would be input. Correct. And what would be the input? The input would be
nothing but the name and the country. Correct. Yes. If I talk about sequence B,
is sequence B expecting any input or it is giving some output based on my situation?
It's giving output. It's giving output. Right. So here we need to have something which is called
output, which would be country and same thing into the sequence A because it's not expecting any
input. Yes. If it expects input, we would have input and then this would be the name.
If you understand this simple concept, you are clear with the argument concepts. That's it.
Right. So in sequence A, we want output here output and here it is input. Right.
Let's go to the sequence A. In the sequence A, I go to the arguments and I say here,
I want to out it. Right. So that's why the direction would be out. What do you want to out?
I want to out the name. So I will just, again, a best practice. You can say out underscore name.
I want to out the name. What is the type? This is a string. Right. Now if you see here in the
activity, I will use something which is called assign as to assign. So now what I'm telling UI
path is in my whatever value you have got from the name, which is the variable because to pass the
data between one activity to different activity, I'm using variable. I want you to assign that value
to the out. That's it. Right. You could directly use this guy by the way here as well. Right.
But to make you understand the variables and arguments, I have created like this. If you just
use out name, it will be still considered as the out. Right. But from passing data to here to here,
I have used a variable and from passing here to this, because assigning this is an out. Right.
So if you see here argument, this is the direction out. Now in the sequence B, I'll go to the arguments
and then here also I want to out. So I say out country. This would be again and out. And then I
again want to assign it. Same as I'm saying. Yeah. Same as I'm saying that whatever value you have in
the country variable, just assign it to the country. You could directly use this country as well.
Right. Now when I go to the merge, now the merge is expecting input. Right. So in the merge, I would go
to the arguments and I would create input in underscore name. And this direction would be in.
And then I would say in underscore country. And this would be in of the type string.
And that's it. Now, when I have to print the name, I would just say that just use the argument in name.
And when you want to use the country, just use in country. That's it. Right. But still, if you see,
we have not actually passed the map. Right. I haven't mapped that the in name should be mapped
to this argument. Right. We haven't mapped that yet. Yes. So that mapping is always done in
something which is called a main sequence. So that's why you have the main sequence into the
UI path into the main sequence if I now ask you the flow. This is one automation. This is one
automation. This is one automation. The first automation should be triggered is this, right. Yes.
The second automation should be this and the third automation should be this. Right. Yeah.
Now this sequence is important. Now I'll go back to my this, which is the main sequence.
And here, now I have to now I am teaching your concept at how do you create a bigger automation.
So as of now, you have this small, small block of codes, right. One sequence, two sequence, three
sequence. Now I have to work. I have to create this project, but as a full-fledged project where I need to
run this complete functionality. Right. And that's where we actually actually use something which
is called invoking the automation. So if you go to the project, you see here all the files which we
created are available here. So to merge all of them, you just drag and drop. So first, I want to call
the sequence, say, I drag and drop it here. It uses an activity which is called invoke workflow.
After that, I use sequence B and after that, I want to merge it. So I have this merge sequence.
This is how you actually structure the code. You first write the smaller, smaller functionality.
You decide what data I want to give out or what data I want as an input.
So as soon as I do this right, you see that these are all the things it's showing. It's showing that
okay. So you have something which is called out name, but you have not to utilize it.
This guy is providing you a country, but you are not utilizing. And then it says that I am
expecting name and country, you are not providing me. Right. It's an warning. It's not an error. It's
a warning. This is the new functionality, by the way. So to import them, we just click on this guy
which says import arguments and it has imported the argument for you. Now, if you go here, you say
again, import arguments and then you click on this, you see that out name is imported.
Right. Import arguments. It's imported. Import arguments. It's imported. Right. But now,
if you technically see this, right, if I have to pass the data from here to here, what should I use?
Like from sequence A to B. Yeah. So aren't we exporting?
Yeah. So we just imported. Right. So we just imported the arguments. So this guy says that okay,
I am providing you out name. Okay. Okay. Understood. Sequence B is saying I am providing you out
country understood. Sequence Merge is saying I am expecting two values. Right. But if you technically
see this, all three are in a sequence. This is other activity. This is activity. This is activity.
So when you have to pass the data between activity, I have to use the variables. Right. So now basically,
what I am going to do is argument concept was clear. Right. That we need arguments in and out.
But now when you actually merge the data, if you technically see this, this is one activity.
This is one activity. So I have to pass the data from here to here. So I'll go to the import
arguments and I'll say that. Open it and I'll say that okay, whatever data you are having,
you are passing into the out name. Right. You just store it in a variable called let's say
STR underscore name and it will create a variable here. Same like we created here. Right. So
STR underscore name is created here. So now this guy is saying that okay, I am I have a value
which is argument. What do you want to do? I say that okay, whatever value you have,
I'm going to create a variable for you whose name is STR country. Just store that value in that
variable. Okay. You see that variable is again created. Now, when you have to pass the data from
this to this or this to this, you are going to use the variables. So I go to import arguments
and now this guy is saying me. Provide me the input. Where is your name? So I say that okay.
I have got it in STR name and I have got the country in STR country and that's it.
Now if I run this automation, run the file, I just want to run this piece of automation. Okay.
And it's saying provide me the name. I provide my name. Then it's asking me provide the country.
I'm saying India. And then it's going to the third sequence where it says the name is bookish
and then it's saying the country is India. Right. So basically what I have done is I have
passed the data from here to here to here. Three different pieces of automation and that's how
variables and arguments work together. I'll take a pause if you guys, if you have any questions
on this part. Understood the difference? Yes, I got it. Just one question, Mukesh, like for example,
Sequency, we need import arguments and import, we assign the variable name to STR name.
So can't we do can't can I not use saying like you know the variable in the third activity merge
instead of assigning and bringing because so if you open that import argument. Okay. So here you have
out name. So out name. So straight can I not assign in in the merge activity. So if you see
the name is not here, right. Okay. It's not here. This is the new sequence which is main sequence.
Okay. Do you see out name here? No, right. It's not part of it. Out name is coming from this sequence,
merge sequence. I see. Right. It's coming from the other sequence. Right. So to use the data if you
see it technically, right. These are the three different activities, right. Same like you have the
activity. Now, if I have to use anything here, I need to have variables or arguments, right.
Do I have anything? No. No. Now to work this automation, what do I need? I need a name variable
and I need a country variable. Right. I see now. Now, you are just telling you are a path that,
okay, whatever data you got from this automation as an argument, I want you to assign that value to
my variable. So now you have made that value local to main sequence and that's how this is working.
Right. Out name. Why I understand the concept you are saying that why out name cannot be
worked, right. But if you see here, out name is not here, right. It's not here. It's not here. Yeah.
So this is the part where a lot of people get confused and that's why you need to at least
practice this once, try to pass the data from here to here. And then once you are done,
then you would understand that how the data is flowing between automations, right.
And this is also important. How do you manage a large project? Okay. How do you do that? So for
example, you are writing an automation that has this hypothetical scenario, 100 steps.
Okay.
Or 100 activities, right. I cannot write all the 100 activities in one sequence. I can write it.
Nobody's stopping me, right. But when I have to test it, when I have to do some editing,
testing, I need to run the complete flow again and again, right. So basically as a best practice,
what the developer do is they divide the flow by the functionality. And in larger project,
there is a team of developers who are working. So let's say you are having a team of five developers.
So the five developers divide the work. So five developers says that, okay, we are going to do 20 step
each. So now all the five developers will create the different kinds of developer one developer two
developer three developer four and developer five. They're going to create all of their separate
separate individual individual code, right. And then I as a manager, I'll just have the main workflow
and I'll say that in my main workflow, I'll just combine all of your code.
Right. So now these guys, whatever the developer one has to do, he will take care of it inside
his automation by using the variables and all. But as a manager, as the main, these guys know,
developer two will ask developer one that hey, from your piece of code, I need three values.
So these values would be passed as argument. Developer three will say that, okay, I have done
something and I will pass two values. Now, whosoever want to use it, just use it, right.
Segregation of the functionalities and passing the data is important when you have to do a larger
project. And so basically you divide the project into small, small modules,
pass it to the different developers. If there is one developer, developer also divide the
data into different things and then you pass the data from one sequence to another sequence,
because it's easy to manage, right. So that's the whole concept of variables and arguments.
Now let's talk about the definition arguments are used to pass the data between projects and
automations, okay. Help in code reusability. This is important. If you see here, tomorrow,
if I have one more automation, where I want to use the same sequence. Tomorrow, I am writing one
more automation, where I just have to merge it. So I can just write a new sequence. And I do not
have to rewrite the code, right. I just use the merge sequence here, like this drag and drop.
I say I can reuse the code, right. And I say import the arguments.
And then it's asking me what data you want to provide. So I say that now the new data which I
want to provide is let's say iron man, I just provide iron and I just provide man, iron man,
country name, right. Iron man, maybe. And just say same. So same automation,
but this time if I just run the file, it's not going to ask me the input.
It's just going to directly give me the code which I have written, which I have directly provided.
So now you can think of on automation, where you can get this data from let's say a website.
It's saying iron man and the country would be again provided here, iron man.
You can think of of this automation, where the value can come from anywhere. It can come from
Excel. It can come from these values, right. These values can come from Excel. These values can come
from a website. These values can come from a database. All you have to do is just you write the
code here on the top of it. I'll just use something like a comment activity here. In here, you
just write the code, code to read the data, right. So you just go here and you
write the code to read data from Excel, maybe from where, from the database, blah, blah, wherever
you want to read this, you just read the data from all these places. And then you just pass the
data here into the variables, right. So this automation is now reusable. In here, when I was using
in the main sequence, here I was passing the data from here to here to here. But then I have a new
piece of automation where I say that now I want to read the data from database. So I will
hit the database, got the data, pass it into a database variable and pass the variable here.
Code Reasability, right. That's why we also use this arguments. And then mostly uses the invoke
workflow activity, the activity which I was using into the, yeah, but studio which you see here,
this is nothing but the invoke workflow activity. You can also, instead of there are two ways of
using it. Oh my bad, I just picked on that. So you can drag and drop from here, like this, or,
or the longer ways you go to activity and you use something which is called invoke the workflow.
Because I'm invoking the workflow, right. These are all the workflows, see.
These are all the workflows. So I say invoke workflow and then I select which workflow I want to invoke.
I see. So it's the same thing on the longer way and default values can be provided by testing.
That's the same thing, right. Now the direction wise, you can have in, you can have out and you can
have in out also, which means that someday you might have a situation where you want to have the
variable, which can be used as in or which can be used at out, right. So that's why in UI path,
you have this arguments. You see here that can be in, that can be out or that can be used,
something which is called in out as well, which is behaving both as in as well as out. Okay.
How they are created from the body property panels, argument panels, remove the variables,
you can also delete this as well, right. Let's talk about the best practices. Use descriptive names,
like first name camel case, one argument for one purpose and if you're using out, you say in,
it's all in whenever you use out, you say out underscore, right. And this is the syntax you are going
to see in. Are you framework, which is the default template by UI path, right. So that's why these
best practices, we understand that how you are path is coding it. That's we at least try to follow
the same standards, right. And default values can be provided while making the reusable component.
Okay. There are two important things. One is conversion and one is find differences.
What exactly I that. So for example, you are coding today and by mistake, you created these variables.
Here, so you created these arguments and later you realize that, okay, I needed to have it as a
variable. You can right click on it and convert it to variable. Okay. And it's converted to variable
now. You created a variable and then you realize that, Oh, I needed to have it a very argument.
You can right click on it and you can convert it to arguments. Nice. So no need to, you know,
again delete it and create it. You can convert and vice versa. Okay. The other important feature of
that is, for example, this is a very big automation, right. As of now I have two activities,
only two activities, right. But imagine that there are 100 activities. And now you want to know
which all activities are using this argument or this variable, right. You have a situation,
right. Now you want to know that which all places I'm using this variable or this argument,
you just try to click on it and you have something which is called find references.
Okay. And it will search for the references and it is telling me that,
in case you are using it here, if you click on that, it will take you to the activity.
I see. Good feature. Yeah. And these are all the improvements which you have at key point
doing over period of time while listening to the developer's feedback and everything, right.
And then you have conversion, converting variable conversation. But make sure when you convert from
variable to arguments, make sure that you take care of the names and the directions, right.
And yeah, that's it. Let's quickly summarize. We see that we used to pass the variables data from one
activity to another activity. Arguments are used to pass the data between automations.
We need to follow the proper naming conventions. Conversion is possible. Find reference is a useful
feature during the development. Okay. So that completes your variable and arguments. Again,
the assignment. Go back to your path academy, try to read the variables and arguments. If you are
comfortable with the way I am teaching, I have the videos available in both English as well as
in the language where I am teaching this thing in detail, right. We're talking more about variables,
different type of things. You can reach that and then you would be able to relate to what we have
covered today. But one thing for you would be you need to create at least one project can be
small project what we did using variables and arguments, right. Because if you are done with
this variable argument concept once, it's there for forever, right. But if you just say that,
okay, I'll ignore it, then later you would forget it, right. So at least create one automation
using variable argument, pass the data from one activity to another activity. You can just create this
one, right, which we just created today, right. So that one you can try to create. Okay.
Now, the next chapter we are going to discuss about the control flow. As the name suggests, when
we are doing an automation, not every time I will run it in a linear position or in a linear way,
there would be situation circumstances where I would have to actually control the flow of the
automation. If this condition is true, do this, if that is fault, do that, right. So how do you
control the flow of the automation inside UI path? That is what we are going to understand in
this chapter. Today we are going to discuss about the control flow activities. Okay. Till this point,
we have seen that what are the basics switch flow, sorry, till this point we have seen what is
sequence flow chart state machine, how you can do UI automations and all those stuff, right. But
when it actually comes to writing the program, you would always always have to control the flow
of the automation, right. So you need to always decide whether I have to go to this route,
whether I have to go to this route, you need to control the flow of the data and you need to also
control the flow of the automation, right. So for that, UI path has given us some activities which
we call the control flow activities. Okay. These are a couple of activities which will be
unavailable inside the installed workflow and the control, right. Okay. So these are the control
flow activities which are available and that's what we are going to discuss. In simple terms,
control flow activities are the activities which are responsible for controlling the flow of the
automation. Okay. Now, the first activity and which you are going to utilize most of the time
is called an assign activity. So activities I go to the activities and I just drag and drop the
activity here on the canvas which is called the assign activity. Okay. It has two parts, right.
And the left right. So save to in what expression you want to say and what is the value you want to
save, right. Why do I need it? So when I am actually passing the data from one automation to
another automation, I would need to store the data into some places, right. In other words,
the variables which we have discussed, right. So let's say today I want to store a name,
I will create a variable called STR name. Now, initially when I created this name,
the value is blank. It don't have anything. Now, if I have to assign some value to this, so I'll
go to this activity which is assigned and I'll call STR name and then I can just put here
in case, right. So now this has this value assigned. So that's why this activity is called assign
activity, right. Where you are assigning the value to this variable. This is also used to write
expressions. You can initialize the value. For example, if I want to have a default value to this
one, I can just make here and make it to something like default, right. Simple work of assign activity,
assign the value which is there to this, right. So this was the old actually style of coding.
And then over a period of time, when you actually write an automation, you have a lot of variables.
Then I want to have the name, then I want to have the last name, then I want to have the age,
and then I want to have maybe the subject, anything, right. Now, if you notice, if I have to
assign values to all of this during the automation, I had to use multiple assign activities and it
was unnecessarily creating a huge lot of automation space, right. So over a period of time,
UI path got us a new activity, which is called multi assign. That means that now you can just
assign all the values directly at a single place. The concept is same, STR name,
the value is okay, I just go here, I say integer age, age is let's say 21 years,
then I can say again to be let's say integer underscore sub and I can just put let's say something
like this, right. So it's a string. So we have to put it in double codes. This is also a string,
so we have to put in double codes, right. But the concept is we can actually now assign multiple
values in a single place and you also have an option to move them. Sorry, you also has an option
now here to add and create a variable on the fly. So rather than actually creating the variables
and assigning them one by one, you can actually go and create the variable on the fly and then
assign a value directly, right. So this two activities are called assign and the multi assign,
right. Simple explanation, whatever value you want to have, you want to assign it to some value,
okay. Now the second activity is and which you might use in some places but you should be aware of,
okay. So for example, today I am writing an automation where I have to click on this calculator,
okay. So what I will do, I'll just take a click activity. Sorry, I'll just use application and
browser. This one, modern design, right. And then it's installing the packages. Now
this activity is when I open the calculator before I type, sometime what happens is this calculator,
let's say, is taking some time to do the automation. So usually the automation is very fast when it
runs. So I open the calculator and calculator was not open. And before that, only the automation is
trying to do something on this application, right. So that's a scenario which might occur.
So UI path has various, I would say mechanism and activities which are available where you can
actually control all of this. And that's what I'm going to show next, right. So you might understand
what is happening here. I use the use application slash browser. So it is adding the dependencies
and the packages to my automation because I created a new project. And by default, this dependencies
was not added. So it is adding the dependencies, which means that now those activities would be
available for me. And then it should be available eight of 14. So over a period of time as the
updates are coming to the product, right. You would see new and new activities which are getting
added. So UI activity package is now showing that we would have OCRs, we would have the image
processing, right. So we have to just wait for it to get installed.
And modern design is the default experience now in your all the design experiences.
But let's say you went to some of the corporate in the corporate where you work, there might be
case where they are in the community, sorry, in the classic design experience, right. So if you know
modern design, it's very easy to work on classic but vice versa is not true, right. So my
suggestion would be that you need to at least know what is a classic design experience,
then only you can actually relate to the modern design experiences.
Okay, let's see if my assistant is connected. So this is how it happens. So you have the UI
path assistant, which is available. This UI path assistant is connecting the thing to the internet
and from internet it is actually now downloading the packages and the dependencies.
So meanwhile, this is downloading, which has one quick question as you brought it,
UI path assistant here, what exactly use of UI path assistant versus or administrator.
UI path assistant is the guy who is responsible for running the automations.
Okay, but the same I believe orchestration does, right.
No, orchestrator is for managing. So when we go to orchestrator, then you actually see,
right in here, we can just run this, right. It will run on my computer. But if I have to run it on
your machine, where is the settings? If I have to run it at 9 a.m. every day.
So all of that orchestrating and those settings would be done into the orchestrator.
In simple words, it would actually be orchestrating.
So like managing the machines. So in simple words, right. Let's say you have written 10 automations
today, right. And out of those 10 automations, you want to run 5 automations in the morning
and 5 automations in the evening. So the first 5 automations, you want to run it in 5 different
computers, 5 different VMs, right. So we need a place where I could manage all the VMs
all the users, right. All of that is required, right. So that's what orchestrator is for. And after
this, the next one would be orchestrator. Okay. So this is taking so much time. I can cancel this.
And I think it should have it's taking. It should not ideally take that much time, but anyways.
So let's let me explain you in a different way, right. So the first one was assign activity.
Okay. Now we have one more. Untold activity available, which is called delay.
Okay. So delay in simple words is for example, today I have to write an automation, right. So I
will just go here and I use a right line activity, which is just printing the time, right. So I
just say that this is the time. And I'll just print the time by using something which is called
now dot two string that will print the current time, right. So just assume that this is a huge piece
of automation. And in UI path, what happens is all these activities happen one by one. So let's say
your step number one of the automation was this.
Okay. And then after that, you had the step number two. And then after that, you have the step number
three. Okay. And now if I just go here and I just say run the file, what would happen. You
would notice that it will all happen very fast, right. You don't have any options to actually go
and see something, right. Now it may be a scenario where the step number two has to wait for some
time, but it actually happened in a fraction of seconds, right. Everything happened in one seconds.
That's where UI path has an activity which is called a delay. As the name suggests, you can put
delay between the activities. So now what I'm going to do is I'll put this time here at the top,
which is going to print the time. And then I'm going to put a time activity at the end,
which I'm going to see at time and right. And now what is this delay activity? If you click on this,
it says that for how many hours, how many minutes and how many seconds you want to put a delay.
So I can just go here and I can just write let's say that's something like maybe 10.
So that means that your automation will execute the time. It will print the time. Then it will
execute the lines and then it will wait for 10 seconds, then step two, step three and then
it will print the time. So basically what I have done is I am intentionally telling the automation
after step one, you have to wait for 10 seconds before doing anything. So time it printed this,
then it came to the step one. Now it's going to wait for 10 seconds. That's what we have mentioned here.
And now if you see, it started at 9.54 11 and then after 10 seconds, you got this right.
So you can actually put delays into your automation when you see that the automation is going very
fast or you want to wait for some of the activities to happen right. This is not the correct way
of actually putting it. You have to actually use the activities like element exist. You have to do
some condition but there are some situation where there is nothing. So we have to end up using
the delay right where we want to pause the automation for some time right. The second
kind of a control flow automation where you can actually control the flow of the automation by
using something which is called a delay activity. Okay. Next, we have conditions right. So we have
condition. Always whenever we are writing an automation, we would always have something which is
called condition. Let's take an example. I have this age where the age is let's say I'll just pass
at 23. Now depending on this age, I I need to decide whether the person is eligible to vote or not
right. So now if you see, I would be using all our knowledge into one thing. So first of all,
I'm going to assign a age. So I'll going to use an assign activity and then I'm going to say that
the age today is let's say 23. Now I have to write in condition that if the age is this,
you do this. If it is not this, then you do this. So as I speak, I'm going to use an activity which
is called if which is our next control statement. I'll drop it here and you would see here then you
have a if condition. Now what is this? You can just write a condition here and the output of the if
and the else should be a Boolean right. You cannot write something like if the value is this right.
You have to get always a Boolean output which means that the output of the expression should be
a Boolean. You cannot write here 2 plus 2 right because 2 plus 2 is 4. It's not a Boolean. So the
output of the condition should be true and false which could be something like that if the age
is let's say less than 18 right. So what would happen? It would either be true or it would either be
false right. And then if it is true, then I can just maybe use a right line activity and I can say
that you are a kid or else means if this condition is false, then what do you want to do?
Then I can just maybe say you are an adult right. So here based on two control activities you can
control the flow of the automation. You can think it of a scenario that where you are writing a
huge piece of automation and now you have two conditions right. Whether I want to go to the left
or to the right side right. So I can save this, go here and I say run the file and
you notice that in the output I got that you are an adult because it is 23. If I just make it to 10
and I save this and I just say run the file you would see that you will get an option which is
you are a kid right. So now depending on this I have changed the course of my automation so I
can actually controlling the flow of the automation right. So if and the else. Now
if I just go to the activities and if I just go here and I write if you would also see an
activity which is called else if right if else else if right. So you can still utilize that one
also but I hope you understand what is if and else right two simple blocks. Now when it comes to
the loop right you understand what is loop. So simple task right today I ask you that you have to
print the numbers based on the input which you get from the user right. So for example I have
variable which I called integer number which is integer right. Now by default it is integer the
default value is 0 and I ask an assigned activity and I just say that in the integer number I have
the value of 5. Now I have to do the task that I have to print the number till 5 till the time I
need reach this number I want to simply print 1 2 3 4 5. You can simply treat this as something that
till the time all my list of files are processed till the time my all the items in the database are
processed right. So basically you have to do something but you have to do it in a loop that's why
Uipath has given us some kind of loop it's not Uipath it's coming from the shishab and other programming
languages the concept is exactly the same we have two loops which I'm going to discuss first
first one is the wild and the other one is the do-wile right. So have you heard of this previously
yes right so wild and the do-wile it's the basic programming thing I quickly show you the syntax
how does it look like. So basically let's take this part right I have to print the number till 5
right. So I can go here and I can use an activity which is called wild and now it's asking me
what is the condition. So I'm writing in condition that while
region number is equal to 5 right. While the integer number is let's say less than 5 what do you
want to do right. So its initial value is 5 so I'll just make the initial value maybe something
to 0 so 0 is less than 5 the condition is true then what do you want to do. I simply want to
print the number here. Print the number so I can just inside this I can just go and I say
integer number dot two string right because this is a number right and when I'm writing
this is a string so I have to convert the number to string and then once I have printed I have
to also increment it by one so I'll just use an assign activity and here I can say
integer number is equal to integer number plus one so I have to increment the number as right.
Now here I want to teach you one more concept which is the debugging right. So debugging is a very
important concept in UI path to track the flow of the automation right. So we started with something
which is called 0. Now next it is going to check the number if the number is less than 5 the
condition is true so it will execute the body then it will go and increment the number to one
and it will do but if I have to just go and if I just go and I say run the file what would happen
it will simply go and print the numbers 0 1 2 3 4 right because I started from 0 so I can just
if I just started from 1 then it would start from 1 and I can just say run the file and it will
print the output here right. You can see here 1 2 3 4 5 is not printing 5 because 5 is not less than
5 if you want to have it you can just say less than equal to and it will print the 5 as well right.
That's all your little bit of programming language you require but now the important thing is you
as a developer always has an option to slow down your automation and run the automation in debug mode.
So for example this is a code which is written by another developer and now I want to actually see
what is happening so you can go to any of the automation click on this and you can go here you see
this option I we talked about it in the initial videos that we have something this so I can just
square and I said debug the file now what happens the automation is going to wait and it again
completed right in the debug mode I was not able to analyze because I have to actually put
and stop it so I go to the debug and I put something which is called breakpoint as the name suggest
break the automation here right to breakpoint you just go to debug and then you have the breakpoint
you can just enable and disable it at any point I want here you can put it like this right I
don't want it here I can remove this so I'll go to the first activity I'll put a breakpoint now
I can go to design and I said debug right now if you see the automation has stopped right now whatever
is happening in the automation I can actually see everything on the left side you see I have
all these variables it is showing me that you have all these variables where the values null
because string you have a age variable which is 0 you have a number variable which is 0 right now
the assign has not happened yet right because it is in blue it is still not executed right so that's
why the number is still 0 okay so if I go here into the debug and you see step into means step
into this activity step into this step right same thing I just say step into now what happens the
number value is now one one yeah right now there is a condition the condition says the number is
less than five right I can just go and say step into and I can just minimize this minimize this
as well and now you would see that what is happening inside it will come inside step into
text it is going to print it the number value is one I can say step into and now it would have
printed so I can go to the output and I can see that the number one is printed right now after that
till this time also the value of number is one it will happen to at this point right so I can
say step into yeah sorry to interrupt you but let's say in this debugging where would I see my
condition is true or false for example where I'm getting into while low and it is checking condition
so where would I see whether it is bringing true or false like if it is false it will not go
not go inside the loop it's true that's why it is coming also this body is executing
because it is true right but if you would actually write in if else right then you would see the true
right because here I'll show you I understand your question let me just do that and then I'll
explain right so if you just see here here it is the one right if I just go here and I say step
into now the value is two right now what should happen it will again now check for the condition
correct right now here the expression is this see yes let's then equal to five yeah
number what is the number well now two if I do a step into now the result is true this is what you
want right yes where where would it be seen like you know do we need to do in the properties
oh no need to glue it's on the locals on the left hand side you have the locals where you would see
all this right I'll show you again see yeah now what is the value the value for this is two I'll
just go and step into now the value is three right now again it is going to check the condition so
as soon as I click step into you would see here in the properties say step into
it says that there is an expression visual basic expression which is this which I am evaluating
which is this number is less than equal to five the number is three three is less than equal to five
yes it is true so the result as of now is a Boolean it don't have the value because it is not
evaluated so I say step into now you would see that the result is now true okay so right okay
got it yeah now when it is becoming false then you would see it as coming false and now four
four is again less than five so it will print the number four you can see the output that what is
happening right and then I can say step into and now there is five five is less than equal to five yes
five is less than equal to five yes condition true it will print the five and now the value is six
right six is not less than equal to five so now if I do a step into you would see here this is
trying to evaluate the condition six is not less than equal to five step into and the result is
false that's why it came out of the wild loop and I can say step into and that completes the
automation and I can see the same output here right so basically with the break points you can the
debug menu you can actually slow the automation and see what is happening right this is applicable to
a bigger problem where you are inserting data into an application the application is slow fast
everything debugging itself is a big topic that's why I tried to explain you in this small module
right so try to explore the debugging module as well it's not very much but if you understand
these three that would be enough for you as for a beginner okay yeah so then you have a wild loop
right there is an other kind of loop which is called do while concept is exactly simple
and by look in the field you would understand what is the difference so the wild loop first check the
condition wild first check the condition and then execute the body wherever whereas the do
while loop first do whatever you tell it to do and then it executes the condition so technically
in simple words if you see the do while will at least execute your condition at least once
right because first time it is not evaluating any condition whereas in the wild loop initially it
start the condition and if this condition is fall it will not give you any results wherever
in the do while at least it will execute once right otherwise the concept is exactly the same
yeah right so while and I can just do this control C control V like this and then I am in the do while
look right so I can just go here and by the way you can enable and disable the activities by
right clicking on it and I can say disable it by using control D as a shortcut so it will not
execute it right one is delete and one is disabled right I don't want to execute
so now here if I just go and if I say run the file you will see that we are getting the same set
of output which is 1 to 3 4 5 we is using the do while the difference is first it will without even
checking the condition it will go and print this right let's try to run it in debug mode and see
the initial value is 1 it will come into the loop and it's not evaluating the condition
print the thing increment the number and now when it comes for the next time then it is going
to evaluate the condition which is this right so you can say that the do while loop is going to at
least execute once right so while in the do like the that's the basic programming concept which
you should be aware of and these two are the control flow activities which means that you can control
the flow of the automation okay now sometimes we have a collection okay collection could be anything
right a collection is files in the folder a collection is a list of name right you are writing
an automation you are reading the data from a database and you got 100 records right now you
want to do the same automation for 100 records how do I do that you have a folder in that folder you
have let's say 100 PDFs now you want to do the same automation for 100 automation so basically
you have a collection which you want to iterate right so how do you do that so for that we have an
activity I'll just delete all of that which is called for each as the name suggests for each
for each invert you have to provide the collection provide a collection which I need to iterate
right so let's say I have a list of string
okay and this is how you create a connection you can browse you can say list I have a little
more knowledge on dotnet but that's why I'm able to do this but eventually you will also understand
that how these things are happening right so basically I'm creating a list of string and I'm
saying that I have a list of string and I want to pass some value which is like I have read
a let's say a database or I have read a data from an website and I have got a lot of names
like a a a comma bbb comma ccc comma ddd right so same like this it can be a lot of names it can
be a lot of phone numbers it can be a lot of integers and all of that as possible right so
something here
okay I think I just
okay so now it's giving me some error here so at last ddd at after the db need double code
yeah I think I just that's what I was trying to
okay now what I can do I can actually use autopilot let's try to see that
yeah so let's let's try to see I'm not sure whether this will work I have done
some syntax mistake I am not sure whether I can still fix it or not but let's see I have the
list of string and I am trying to pass this value which is this right okay dd I did some mistake
here comma looks good to me but let's see I save this and now if you see here it's getting an error
right so autopilot has this option which is called fix let's see I need list of string from I
left the word from so no need to remember that's really cool like you know this way I could see
this practical your implementation of autopilot in one yes yes this is the new feature right and
I forgot the word from right so that's why yeah cool okay so yeah I have a list and then in the
list I have four items right A B C A B B C C D and now my task is simple I want to do something
with this name right these names could be from a website these names from bigger database email
this could be a list of emails right you want to send an email to all of them you have to do the same
task but for all of them right so use an activity called for each now it's asking me where is your
collection I say that my collection is list of string and now inside that it is asking me what do
you want to do with that collection right so my task is simple I let's say simply want to print them
yeah and here if you see when I say for each it has given me here something which is called current
text which is going to give me all the text one by one into this one right so I just go here and
I say current text so now if you see that instead of writing the right line items five times right
so for example if I'm not using the this activity and I have to print all these five values right
one two three four values I have to use this right line activity four times right I'm doing the
same thing again and again right so that's why I'm saying that use the for each activity for each
collection in that item and here it is a b c and d is printed directly by using the for each
for each item in this collection now since I'm able to print that I can write automation here to
put it into a notepad file to put it into a website send an email and all those stuff I can still do
right because if I'm able to access the value here I can now do it anything right I'm just printing
I can do anything so inside this party I will just write the automation where it is supposed to do
with those values now this can be anything and as UI path is improving they have giving the
common activities for you into this here as for each for each row in a data table for each file
in a folder for each file in a folder so if I just go and drag and drop this
for each file in the folder as same thing right if I have a folder he can just pass the folder here
may be this for each file in the folder if you want to include this of folder excel sx what do you
want to do so whatever the operation you write here would be applicable to all the files in this
folder right concept is exactly the same the activity is for each use to do the automations whenever
you have the same set of activities which you want to do for the complete collection right so that's
the for each okay now sometimes sometimes you have an option okay for example I'll give you a
scenario now so I have a huge collection okay just putting five but assuming that it is 500
I'm just putting abcdf right now if I run go here and if I just go and I say run the file see what
happens abcdf it prints for everything right but now I have 500 items and I'm looking for some
specific condition right I don't want to run it for all the 500 items so for example you are
hiring a candidate you are writing an automation for a recruitment company and you say that as
soon as the status is hired I don't want to go to the remaining 500 items right or it can be simple
that you are processing a file and you say that as soon as I process 10 files I want to stop I don't
want to do the remaining stuff right it would be a situation right you don't want to run for the
complete collection that means that I want to break the loop right I want to break the loop and
that's where you have an activity which is called break so if I go to the automation and I search break
see that I have something which is called break which is inside the control to break the flow
but now on what condition should I break it so again on what condition so I say if
right inside the forage I have put a if right and then I say if my current text
is equal to what do I have let's say DDD okay as soon as I get DDD you are supposed to break
till the time you don't get DDD keep printing the item right so now let's try to run it in
the debug mode what a break point so eventually when you see write all the concept which we have been
learning right will come together then only you can actually write an automation right you need
to know all of this stuff right so I just go and say debug the file and let's see what happens
right so you it says again the same stuff into my break it this it says that I have a list of
string it has six items the six items are this for each item I just go and say step into and then
you see here the current text is a correct it says right I step into now this is a condition
it's still not evaluated I go here and I say that this expression I just do step into the condition
is false so that's why it went into the else part right and it didn't break the automation right I
go and it will print a it will go to the next item I soon as I say step into then it will go to
the next item the next item is now BBB condition false will print BDD then it will go to CCC
condition false right now this time it is D and after D I have E and F also in my collection
yeah now if I do a step into this is the condition and the condition become true true
so now in the condition I have written that if you find DDD you just break the loop I break the loop
and now it didn't came to E and F understood yes
yes this you can use it in while while right so in the while loop also you are doing right
something something so wherever you have to break the loop you use an activity which is called
break right so wherever you are doing things in iteration while do I'll forage you use something
which is called the break okay so these are the control flow activities in UI path so just a quick
recap control flow activities in UI path are used to control the flow of the automation okay now
control of the automation simply means you have just supposed to control and not always your
default activities will work as expected that's why you need to control the flow of the automations
right and you have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 activities 8 or 9 activities which we discussed today which is
for the control flow activities okay and in my channel also you would see that we have already
covered that in Hindi and this one is on the number 6 which is called the control activities
where I have explained all of this in detail that again you can refer in English and Hindi
and also if you simply go to Google and you search for control flow activities UI path you will reach
this page right control flow activities in UI path assign delay do while if switch while forage and
break okay we didn't cover this one which is called the switch activity okay so what is the switch
activity so we have the switches in the home right yeah so I turn I have a lot of switch I toggle
the switch for the fan the fan on I off it it toggles the fan off right so same like the switch
you have something which is called a switch activity in UI path what is the switch simple same
concept we have the switches you have a switch which is this right now today I want to write an
automation okay where you have different values so for example if the input is 0
I want to say run automation 1 if the input is 1 I want to say run let's say automation b1
okay it can be any scenarios if the input is let's say 3 I want to run the automation z right and if
the input is anything apart from this right I just say not a valid so basically this is my condition
now you might think that I can always write this in a if else condition right if I have to write
this in a if else condition you have to write an if then an else then one more else and what if
I just go here and I put one more if it is 4 then I want to let's say run the d right so the
input could be anything and I want to do a different set of actions or different set of automations I
want to run different set of automation pieces you want to run right in all this situation you have
something which is called switch so now if you'll see here what are my inputs I have 0 1 3 and 4
you can simply treat it is that okay I have a switch for fan I have a switch for maybe AC I have
a switch for my television and I have a switch for my computer right and apart from that there are
some switches which does not work so I just want to perform these things right but you don't
know right at any day you can press any one of these same thing happens here you have a switch
activity and what is my input my input is an integer so I can just go here and I can create an
integer I can say that this is maybe a input to the switch okay so now I'll go to the activities
I'll say assigned and I'll say that input to the switch is today let's say 2 now in the switch it
is asking me what is your expression what do you want to check I want to check what is my input to
the switch and then you have something which is called add the case what is the case so my case is
it could be 1 2 yeah 1 2 then what do you want to do I'm just writing a line
let's say run a1 whatever right then add a case if it is 2
then I want to run p1 if it is let's say 4 I want to run let's say d d1 right so I can just
add the case and now every switch has something which is called a default case which means that
if none of these conditions are satisfied right then what should I do then I say that
invalid and now it's giving me an error because the input switch is ideally supposed to be a
integer right yeah and then in the expression d d d d d d d let me do a control process
it's actually changed it to input switch to integer
okay okay but right line will take in string only no no no so right line is string this is for
this input so what does it say it's just input to string the values incompatible with the property type
okay so ideally in the switch right you it's taking the value as string right so I need to change it
to integer which it is not allowing me to do here because the properties are visible in the
activity card okay because I change the variable type afterwards right I understand so bug in the
your patch studio but anyways I can fix this new switch so I change the activity type afterwards
right the data type afterwards
so yeah and so now it took that and yeah see system 32 right previously I was not able to change
that so yeah and then I need to again I think do the add case right so I can just go and say
yeah see 40 I can say it is one just to right line I say run a1
and 2 I can say run v1 add case 3 and I can just say it is and c1 right something like that
now here I have passed the value of 2 I just go and I say run the file
and chase run b1 right however if I pass it something like 29 and I say run the file then it will
come to invalid right here so what does it mean it means that it's not required that my case can
be always an integer my case which was this right it can be something like if I am right if my
customer is HR run this if my customer is let's say financial run this if my customer is
banking run this if my customer is coming from legal you run this right so basically your input can
also be a string here instead of number right so when you have different different pieces of
block defined for each of the things you can actually go and utilize something which is called
switch okay now these look simple right these concepts look simple till the time you actually do
them right so two things for you one is you go to this page and you can click on this and you can
read more about it or alternatively you can refer my videos as well which I have covered both in
English and Hindi languages and then at least do one practice for each one of them right then you
would have a clear understanding that what actually this thing and this is important because when
you actually write automation you have to actually navigate from one condition to another condition
right yeah next up into our series is coming an interesting topic which is called selectors
till this point you might have seen that Mukesh this I have already seen in the other programming
how you are path is different and how I can automate my work how I can automate my website right
that's why the selectors come in pictures right so selector is a concept of UI automation
which is user interface automation whatever you do with the help of keyboard and mouse can be
automated with UI path and in this chapter we are going to learn how do I automate my keyboard and
mouse so that I am free to do other related stuff right so welcome to the chapter of selectors right
selector is a complex topic guys so in case you want to explore more we have a dedicated playlist
which is entirely talking about selectors again I have posted all the links into the description feel
free to refer let's get started topic for today is something which is called selectors right
so first of all let's talk a little bit I would say I can just maybe pull up this is more
technical deck right so let me just pull up a deck which I use for the students so
so have you heard of the selectors previously you have any idea yes okay try to know about them
okay that how does it created in all right you know that already yes okay so this is what I
created for students right but I think I can give you the background so it would be easy for you
right so take an example right so for example you have a parcel already delivery person right and he
has to deliver some courier he has to deliver some letters to you right now how does he is
able to deliver the correct post or the correct letter to the correct home right that is because in
the letter he has something which is called the address right he know what is the country what is
the state what is the city what is the street and what is the house number right so if let's say
this address is vague right if this like if this address is vague so let's say there is no country
there is no street you have only put the house number then it is difficult for the person to
identify the correct person that who's this parcel is or who is the recipient right so this is
actually if you see this is an Harajee right it's an address it's a country state city and the house
in the similar way you have something which is called selectors so if you are aware of HTML have
you have you used HTML yes right so how do we create a HTML page right so we have an HTML then
we have something which is had right and then in the head we have the body right and then we have
let's say Dave and then maybe something here I have a button right now if you have to click on
this button what you ever does is it gets you this complete address and then it allows it to
backtrack this complete thing and that is what it is called a selector in simple words for example
this is a notepad file right today you have to automate this notepad okay now I go to UI path
and if you see here there is a new tool which is called UI explorer okay so UI explorer is you
user interface explorer wherever you have an interface you can click on this right it might
be very new for you but you need to utilize it to see whether the application your automating is
able to it's good or not right so for example here if today I have to automate this right this
notepad so if I just go here as of now and I say indicate element and I pointed to this notepad
click on this file button you see it generated this it says that
I am having a application whose name is notepad the title is an title notepad the control ID is
this the application is this and it has generated the address okay so same like you have that address
this is the address which is automatically generated by the UI path which is known as a selector
so same like a postman uses this address to get the correct person same way UI path has something
which is called selectors okay so the first property of selector is that selectors are automatically
generated every time you do not have to actually go and create them a selector in UI path is a
feature that enable us to automate the user interface when I say user interface any interface
whichever you are able to click with keyboard in a mouse it's called a user interface element it can
be notepad a browser or anything wherever you are automating with keyboard and mouse you would
call it as a user interface and how does it work it works on the concepts of address and attributes
which is nothing but a XML fragments right we'll talk about this XML fragments because this is
important and as a developer as a QA you need to know that how do you manipulate this XML fragments
okay and this is how a selector look like so same like I pointed to the nodepad and I generated
something you can see here it says it tells you right that to do the automation you need to go to
an app which is nodepad the then in the nodepad you would have a file button and inside the file
button you would have a save button so this is a selector for the save button now if I talk about
UI path where exactly this thing you will find one is in the UI thing where you can point it to any
of the things let's say I want to know the selector for this my this Windows Explorer right I can
just indicate the element and I can point it to this one which is let's say this selector and
you would see that it will actually generate the selector that you are in the Explorer you have
this in the Explorer tab you have a lot of items there is the first item and the item name is this
so this guy is used to navigate the selector right now how and where in automation you are going to
utilize it right so two things which you have to remember here UI path has got two kinds of design
experiences okay one is classic design and other is the modern design experience okay so the classic
design is the old way of coding and the modern design is the new way of coding now in the current
version the modern design is the default design experiences so you cannot actually go to the classic
version but I have videos on my channel which are on the classic so you should at least know how
does the classic look like because your enterprise might be in the classic version okay
so first thing first this is a plain sequence right so today let's say we want to automate this
load pad which is a user interface my task is simple I want to just go here and I want to
write here hello and then I want to click on file and maybe then click on view right so in the
modern design experience what happens the first activity whenever you have to do a user interface
automation you have to use is use application slash browser which is this one use application
slash browser this is the first activity you are going to use anywhere whenever you have to do
any user interface automation previously if you talk about the classic one the developer has to
use different activity if you want to use a browser he used to have browser activities
for files he used to have a separate activity but then your path combined everything into a
single activity which is use application slash browser which means that if you want to automate any
application or browser browser as in Chrome edge Firefox application as in notepad database SAP
or anything right you can use the same activity very simple activity it's asking you indicate the
application you want to automate but the thing is if you click on that and you go to the properties
you will notice here that this all properties are absolutely blank at this point this guy does not
know which application I should automate should I automate a browser should I automate a notepad
it does not know anything and if you go here you would see that the input and the output
element are absolutely blank they don't know right now it says indicate application to automate I
click on that and I pointed to this application see it's showing you that this is the application
modern design very intuitive I click on that and now it's understand that yes I need to automate this
now if you go to properties now if I just expand these little things here you would see here it has
got something which is called selector right so what is this selector if you open that it's
nothing but the same thing which is that I have an notepad which I have to automate so that is
why the selectors are important and now if you want to relate it this is what the selectors look
right now when you want to automate you need to know how do you read the selectors okay so whenever
there is a selector which is generated the first line is called the root node and the one at the
last is called the actual identifier actual identifier means what is the work that is supposed to happen
right you might be looking this selector for the first time but now you would have easily figure it
out that yes this is for a node pad and you are trying to do something on the control plus S but
that is how you have also read it and now if I go one step down selectors are made up of nodes
and this is how it look like okay maybe this one I think that's some color thing I was doing right
so for any line of selector you would have two things you would have tags and you would have attributes
right so the first thing here which is this guy this is called a tag and the tag can be
wnd html control web control or Java so whenever you see wnd that means that this is a windows
application whenever you see that tag as html you should understand or the
uapath will understand that this is an html page you don't have to actually learn and hard code
this but you should know how this technology is working because when the issue or when there is some
I would say some hiccups which are coming in the selector you need to know where and how to edit
right and this tag has something which is called attributes that attributes are nothing but the
properties right so now if you go back here to uapath studio which we just generated now if you see
here this is nothing but a selector which says that wnd which means this is a windows app whose name
is notepad.exe it's title is untitled high for notepad which is this so that's how it
understand that I have to use this as the container now it says here inside this do what do you
want to do inside this what do you want to do now this is where you need to have a little
knowledge of activities that will come eventually when you use it right so my first task was I need
to type something here so if I have to type I go to activities and I use an activity called type
into and you see here you have UI automation and then you have something which is called type into
I drag and drop it here inside the do if I place it outside it won't work right it says that
this activity must be inside the use application slash browser activity this is the modern design
activities where all the UI automation activities should be inside this in the classic design
experiences this used to work outside as well okay so I just go here and I just drag and drop
this activity inside this and now again the same concept right for the type into if you go to
the properties you see the in the target there is nothing it don't have any information here
because it does not know where to type what to type and anything right but as soon as I point to
this and I click here it understand and it gives you the selector see the selector selector
right strict selector fuzzy selector I'll tell I'll talk about this strict and fuzzy selector
in a while but just focus on this guy that it has generated something which is called selector
and I can just go here and I can say confirm now if I go back to the same
previously it was blank but now you see that it has generated all these things which is nothing
but the same thing which we are discussing right that you have a windows app you have a text editor
and then you have to do the editable text and then what do you want to type I just want to type
hello so I just type hello that's it right now this I can just go here and I can say run the file
and then it will run and it will simply go and do whatever you have instructed it to do so
you can see if my robot is here my robot is not
here it is so it typed hello and it just came out right so whatever we have instructed it just
it right now I have a question to you now now if you see here this guy is looking for
untitled hyphen notepad right if I go here and if I change the name to something else
maybe I change the name it to ABCD now this guy is looking for untitled notepad
I don't have the untitled notepad available on the screen do you think that this will still work
no no but that problem was in the old design in the newest design if you see here there is
your path has given us this thing which is say match exact untitled notepad as of now this is
unchecked which means that if I go and if I run this automation let's see even though
that notepad is not available it's still typed because this match exact is turned to false if I
turn it to on now now if I go and if I run this now it's going to fill because now I have
told it to look for the exact title right so these are the benefits which the modern design actually
gives and now it has opened a new notepad whose name is untitled and it is trying to do the
automation so if you see here the chances of failure for automation are very less right even though
the notepad was not available I as a developer don't have to do the exception handling and all
those stuff everything is controlled by this activity only but that might not be the use case
every time right sometimes you want the automation to fail right I wanted that if the automation is not
able to find the title note but I wanted to fail I don't want it to open a new instance and do
the thing right it can be some software where you have a perpetual license if that is the word I
think for a single license perpetual license right I can at a time have only one application
if it is not available then the robot should not open a new one UI path provides you all those
flexibility in the properties of use application slice browser here you can control everything
whichever we talk right so in the open if you see here you have this never open it if not open
and always I can say that open and I say never don't open it once the automation is done what do
you want to do you want to close it you don't want to close it never if open by always right you can
customize it here and now I have told that this guy that I want never open this application
and here this ABCD is also not available now if I go here and if I try to run the same automation
now it's going to fail it's going to say that Mukesh I was looking for a notepad
where you told me to look for untitled notepad but the untitled notepad is not available
you have a ABCD notepad and it is going to fail and you see the error and now when you are working
with your apath one thing you should realize is that the errors are very I would say in detail and
you should know what the error actually mean right so if you see here right same like the postman
if the address is not found it will look for some time right it won't directly give the error
here also you have something which is called timeout the automation is going to look for the
notepad for some time and after some time it will say that hey I was not able to find the notepad
and now I cannot proceed and here is the error right because you cannot keep the
robot looking for the notepad and that timeout is customizable right so we'll just wait
right I don't know how much is the default time yeah you can see here the automation break right
now if you see the automation cannot find the UI element correspond to the selector
right and if you just open this this is could not find the UI path element corresponding to the
selectors right so this when if you are looking it for the first time you might be finding that hey
this is a weird error right but if you actually read it it says that see application was not
found could not find the user element corresponding to this selector I was looking for this selector
but I found abcd notepad which is 90% matching right so these are the new things which are
introduced right and I can stop this and now in the properties you have this thing timeout
display name and all we'll discuss about that in the later video so this is the first activity
where you are actually using the selectors okay now seem like selectors was able to work right
it was able to find the elements it was able to match the elements and all those stuff right now
every time you do automation it was difficult for the developers actually to go right because you
have written this automation now how do I know whether this activity will run or not every time
I cannot go here and I run this automation and then see whether it will run not run and all
those stuff right because if just imagine right you are writing automation where you have let's
say 50 activities 100 activities you want to do something every time you cannot go code one
activity then rerun it code one activity then rewrite it will take a lot of time you have
not has all this problem by introducing something which is if you go to these three lots you have
something which is called edit target indicate target you can click on any one of those so let me
go to this one which is edit target right and you have these things which are available here
which is kind of a very bulky thing but maybe I can show it to you in a different way maybe here
so I have this guy which is the UI explorer which is user interface explorer which looks
something like this okay so at any point of time if you want to see whether the selector is valid
or not what you can do is you can open this guy which is UI explorer right and just indicate
on the element which is let's say on the file button and you could see that this is the file
button selector notepad.exe ebcd file menu and all you click on validate and it says that yes
if you use this selector I am going to trigger the automation right so if I just go here you could
see that this ebcd it's going to run and you click on highlight you can see that this has actually
highlighted the thing also right now sometime as in the previous attempt right where I change the name
from ebcd now if I simply go and if I change the name of this ebcd to let's say xyz now if I go
back to the selector and if I say validate see it's saying I'm not able to find this xyz right
because you change the name to xyz right you can validate that but now if you see here the name
is ebcd hyphen notepad and here it is xyz hyphen notepad I am writing a requirement or I am writing
an automation where I'm not sure what would be the notepad my requirement is simple whatever
notepad you have you just write the data I want to ignore this name now UI path provides you that
functionality as well in forms of something which is called wildcards which simply means that as
of now you have the name as ebcd hyphen notepad I change the name to xyz hyphen notepad right now
to our other clients say that hey I want to have something which is Mukesh hyphen notepad
now if you see this hyphen notepad is exactly the same everywhere the only thing is changing here
so I can remove everything and I can put a star which means that I am telling UI path irrespective
of this thing right I just put a star here and I say that ignore everything match everything
with the star and validate and now it's able to again find the element which is the file
there this star which I put this star is called a wildcard so this star is called a wildcard
UI path has two wildcard one is star and one is question mark the star is going to
replace all or in other words zero or many characters as you can see previously it was now you were
even it is this or it is a b c or it is something like this it's going to work for all right this star
star means only one
sometime you have a requirement where you have the things like this a b c d
or maybe something like a b c and g now if you see here only one character is changing right
so then I can just do it like this it's only going to replace only one character
maybe if both of these are changing d c I can just put star star question question it can work
like this also right so question mark is only going to replace one character and star is going to
replace all the characters right now previously in the classic design the developer has to
manually go and figure all of these things but if you ideally see this right technically why can
d y part do it's on this own right so if it already know that it can put star it can put all
of these things why it does not do it all and that's where ui path actually does this now with
the modern design and as a developer you don't have to worry all about it but you need to understand
that there are two wild cards which are available this now with the modern design experiences
basically ui path has got some new interesting stuff which I'll show you now
so maybe I just open my to the modern design I have created a dedicated playlist on modern design
which you should refer targeting methods this one yeah yes here it is right so we just saw that we
have something which are selectors which are automatically generated and then we had something
which was the wild cards right as we can the question mark so this was thing and this was the
notepad right so till this point it was the classic design experiences everything everybody was
happy it was able to cater the use cases right but what happened was it was not able to cater all
the use cases and developer still used to do some kind of exception handling which means that
if the selectors are failing they used to go for image automation if the image is failing they
used to go for computer vision automation right and what do I mean by that is so for example
if I have to go and click on this format button right one way is I can just go here and I use a
click activity and I just pointed to this okay so we changed this right so that's why I can just
remove this and then start working I want to click it to the format button one example was that
I just go and click on it the other way was you can actually today you can also do the automation
with the help of image where you can actually click using image now which one do you think
would be more reliable using the selector or using the image would be selector selector right because
image has an issue that it might zoom in it might zoom out right so developers used to do the
exception handling they used to write code that here if this click fails then do the image automation
and then as a developer I have to write a code here to do the image automation however however
with this new modern design you have what is now taking care of everything so you understood what
is selector yes a advanced version of the selector is called the fuzzy selector fuzzy selector
simply means when the item is not available it can actually figure it out using some fuzzy logic
that what actually you want to do so there is a developer the actual name of the toad pad was
sample notepad right but by mistake the developer made it like this SMAP LE SMAP LE now this problem
cannot be solved by the wild cards right the wild cards will completely replace this right it does
not know what but spelling the developer is going to mistake it can be phone number PHO any PHN
so now you have to introduce this thing with something which is called let's say fuzzy selector where
they say that in the attributes you can actually add this thing and you have to understand that yes
this is a fuzzy matching and it will still able to identify and click on this element and this
also the developer has to do manually to make the selector more reliable this for all part of
exception handling then there is a new technique which is called the anchor base anchor base was
a technology which the old developer used to use that to find one element they used to use the
other element as an anchor saying that if you are looking for this view button take the reference
of this if you are looking for this file button take the reference of this if you are looking for
help button take a reference of this right so anchor was an other technology which the developer
used to use to find the element and then there was one more technology which was image automation
as I was talking about where you can actually do find image image exist click image and all of
these things right now if you see here just to work on a single click activity all of these
things used to happen in one by one first the developer used to code the selector then the developer
has to fix it by using wildcard if the wildcard also fails then they use something which is called
fuzzy if fuzzy fail then they used to go for anchor and if anchor fail they used to go for image right
so all this the developer has to code one by one into UI path and that was a huge lot of code
this whatever you see on the latest what this is the modern design experiences now this is where
you will realize the power of UI path now if I simply go here and I take a click activity inside this
and I point it to this button which is format just notice what happens here
it creates the strict selector automatically which is the base one it creates the fuzzy selector also
it created the text also which means that it can look for the text
it did the text automation and images toggled off I can click on it and it also generated the
image also so now this simply means that at any point of time when this automation is running
UI path is going to run all of these technologies together to find out which will find this
format button and in the runtime what happens this is a kind of race which happens between
struct fuzzy computer vision image everywhere they run together and they are actually finding
this element whichever is able to find the element first it simply goes and do that operation
just imagine just in a single click I am able to code all of this and I just click on confirm
and that's it all of that is wrapped up into this single activity that's the power of modern design
experiences right the other feature is can I interview you have a question yeah yeah sure so when
you are showing me that window where we could see fuzzy selector and strict selector so I was
seeing like you know they both have seen so here in that case format that specific element what
is the difference between fuzzy and like you know strict selector so it would be different let me
show it to you yeah see here the automation ID format menu item it has added this right
I see I get and by the way you have an option to edit this you click on this and it says open the
explorer that will open this this two you see concentric circle this means that this is the first
method to identify this element right okay so that would be different and then you have quick
question right do you understand what is remote VDI virtual machines yes right so virtual machines are
where your application which you want to automate is available on a VM Citrix VMware or anywhere right
and here you are path is installed on locally now if I have to automate that do you think that
Citrix is going to give me the selectors no right because Citrix is going to throw that as an
image yes so what's the challenge the challenges even there is a minor change your automation will
break resolution of the virtual machine changes the color changes background it is going to impact
your automation right to tackle that you have got something which is called computer vision
automation how does it work it actually creates the selectors in simple words from the
remote screen images and everywhere and this works with the help of cloud okay so you have the
robot you have the licenses you get this and you generate the computer vision right and I had a
complete playlist which I have created on the virtual machine automation as well which you can
refer to but this was all still classic where you go to this you get this API key then you use it
in your account and you do all the stuff right but with the modern design if I just go here
and I take let's say one more click activity and I point it to any one of the button you would notice
here it is actually generating the computer vision for you as well then generate the image if you
don't want computer vision you can toggle this off when you use computer vision you are actually
sending this data to your app or server which on the run time is generating their computer vision
server running it on the screen and then sending the data back to you if you don't want it
just toggle this off but just imagine the power right I just clicked on a single thing and it
generated everything for me selector fuzzy selector at any point of time if you want to change
you can change the selector fuzzy selector everything here and I can just go here and I say confirm
and that's it right now with this modern design there is a very very less chance of your UI
automation failure because it has handled everything it looks a little more complex than the classic
but rest me this has a lot of power see you can verify you can do a lot of things right even even
if you see here you have this button here which you can just click on and target application
is already open right so people who are coming from testing background can relate to it right I have
already opened this version and I want a new version of it previously the developer you will go
here they will search for notepad open a new notepad application is understand this open a new
instance and now you have a new instance of the software you can test it you can verify what
has been typed you can control this automations and the other advanced thing of it is you can
add it to this guy which is called object repository which is kind of an advanced feature of
UI path which simply means that today I am writing this automation I have a team member of 10
developers or maybe I have to use the same thing into other automation I can just add it to
something which is called object repository and object repository is like a library of selectors
so next time if this I have to change so it works like this so I have let's say 10 automations
first I'll show you the as tell you the problem in the 10 automation I'm using an application which
is called let's say notepad and since it is a UI application I am using that technology which
is called selectors right 10 automations now the company decides that now we don't want to call
this software as notepad we want to call it as scribble pad the company Microsoft change let's
say the name of the application to scribble pad now all these selectors are going to fail right
because you configured it with the word node pad right be it the image or and everything is going
to fail right if I have to make the changes I have to make the changes in all the 10 automations
correct because everywhere it works using notepad and now the name and the properties has changed
scribble pad right 10 automations change this is a problem you have to introduce something which
is called object repository which simply means that we stored all this selector separate from the
project now whenever there is a change I just change in my object repository and all these 10
projects automatically take the new one so as of now this selector is embedded inside this activity
anything I have to change I have to go here and click on this property object repository means
extracting all this information this this this selector is everything into a new library and
wherever there is a change happening update that library and this process automatically getting
updated right so modern design is compatible with object repository click on that and it creates
the object repository for you here which you can export and reuse so that's how the modern design
activity work right it has a whole lot of features but to start with you should know that whenever
you use the modern design experiences you need to have the first thing which is called use application
slash browser activity right and if you go to my channel I think I would have maybe I can just
it will have my I was just editing something so it should be here on the incognito
so both for this modern design CV thing right I have actually
covered all of that into the playlist which is here modern design experiences and this is your
virtual machine and then you would have the object repository also somewhere so I have also covered
object repository also because these are the important concepts which you should know so object
repository I think would be part of the design experiences only here it is so this is your modern
design experiences targeting method properties screen selection modern design and in the
same one you have this one object repository right which I was talking about what is object repository
so if you watch this you would be expert in the modern design which is the default way so today I
just explain at a very high level some properties I have explained you this thing but it has descriptors
it has a lot of elements which you need to do self study right because these are all the things
which you will gain from experience but yes you need to have that and then there is one more playlist
which is on how do you actually work on remote automation when you have a sitrix right this might
not be quickly for you but you never know right you might get a competition or any automation
right so you should know how do you work on that as well so you can refer these two playlist but
this you should do you do it from here or you do it from academy modern design experience is must
for you you cannot skip this if you want to work on UI path I hope now you guys are enjoying and I
believe that you have reached till this point if that is the case maybe just comment down I have reached
50% of the codes right so that I understand people are following till this point okay what's next
the next step is coming for a chapter where we are going to discuss about excel
excel is an enterprise software Microsoft excel I believe most of the industries are using excel today
right and when it comes to the automation how do I automate excel UI path has always called
a classic design of excel automation and a modern design of excel automation right so in this tutorial
since you guys are looking this into 2025 modern design is the default one so I am doing the excel
automation with the modern design chances are there some of you might be into the older version of
that I have posted a classic design complete playlist on excel link in the description find that
video right even for the excel automation in modern one we have a dedicated playlist or a series
which is available right so depending on your interest feel free to look up to that but however in
this we are going to see an overview of the excel automation in modern design so excel basically
I don't have to tell you that why do we need excel automation right because
Microsoft excel is used in I think almost every company whichever is Windows right you do
that data and tree calculation report generation and most of the automation processes which we do
involve the excel automation right now when I talk about the benefits you are able to create data
charts and all those reports right and mostly enterprises are using excel to do the report
generation data and tree input output saving of the logs doing the calculation macros
graphs right everybody I think uses excel right so that's why excel automation is kind of important
stuff whenever we are dealing with automation okay now whenever we talk about automating excel with
UI path okay there are two ways of working with there is a way which is called workbook and
there is a other way which is called the excel activity pack okay so there are two ways and this
is important for you because you need to remember in what kind of client or customer you are working
and what is your requirement right so that at a high level you need to understand that if today
I have to work with excel I have two approaches one is the excel approach and other is the workbook
approach I'll try to explain you how does that differentiate right so you are part of first two
ways of accessing and manipulating the workbooks as one is called the workbook and the other is called
excel or the excel app integration right now you might be thinking why same excel having two approaches
so workbook is also known as the file access level and excel is called the excel app integration
now what does it mean whenever we talk about the workbook activities okay so if I go to my UI
path studio let's first create a small automation process right I'll call it as let's say
excel automation I'll say create right and now you would have understand that to get the activities
we need to have the dependencies right so as of my if you see here I only have system dependencies
if I now go to the activities and if I just search let's say excel okay and I maybe just say
I'll remove the preview and I'll remove the available one I'm just searching for the installed one
right we do yeah so I'll just say workbook I think I remove this available yeah sorry yeah here it is
so in UI path if I just go here and I say excel right you would see a lot of activities which are
coming you are getting something from office 365 you are getting something from Google workspace
now which one should I use into what scenarios right so first thing first is whenever you are working
with excel you need to know whether you have excel installed in that machine or not okay so for
example if you are running on a VM and that VM does not have a excel installed what I mean by that is
if I go here and if I search excel this is an application which is installed on this machine
correct okay but some time you work on environments where you do not have excel because it requires
Microsoft license but still you can actually read the data from excel write the data and you can do
some stuff not everything okay so in those situation you can actually use workbook so workbook
activity don't require the Microsoft Excel to be installed okay what it means is when UI path
is using the workbook activities it will directly go to that file so for example this is my
just pull it here so this is my excel I don't have this excel installed with the program UI path
will directly come to this folder desktop temp and try to read the data inside this sheet without
connecting to the Microsoft Excel so what it means is it is not dependent on the Microsoft Excel software
to read it so since there is no application in between so it can be faster and more reliable when
where you don't have to depend on the excel application right but what is the downside the downside
or I would say upside or downside that we can decide it will be always running in the background
why because you don't have excel installed so it cannot run in foreground right because which
application is going to open the file so that's why workbook activities always works in the background
it only work for certain files excel s and excel sx right do you understand what is excel m files have
you heard of it I saw that but don't recall right micro micro micro yes yeah so whenever you have
a macro enabled file that is saved as an excel sm so in case you have macros which are inside and
you want to do something on macros you cannot do workbook activities which means that with the workbook
activities I can do the excel automation but I am only limited to do some activities and the other
thing is the file should not be open when the automation is accessing the files you cannot have
the excel open when automation is trying to read the files so that is the workbook activities right
in a summary workbook activities we should use when we don't have the excel installed right the
second thing is it is faster it works on only this file and it has only limited operations
it don't have everything which excel can do right let's go to the other approach
sorry to cut your picture just have one question here so for example workbook activities we are
seeing we don't have excel to be installed so beings like whatever the machine we are running on
it's not mandatory to have an excel on that one so yes which file so which file the UI
path will be written on like workbook if there is no excel and let's say if I'm writing reading data
writing data and we are referring files so is it some customized file by UI path or no no it's
still excel it's still excel I'll come to that point we'll see the demo right and then you will
get your answer still excel but when we use the workbook activities you do not need an excel okay
I'll come to the demo and then that will answer your question so yeah the next one is excel or
the excel integration okay so now if you see here into the workbook activities if you see this
diagram the excel the workbook activities are inside the system which is the windows
file and workbook and you only have limited activities now when we talk about the excel integration
the first thing you will see is it's part of the UI part dot excel activities okay okay and it
is an app integration and then you have all these other things right now what is how it's different
the first thing is excel app needs to be installed on the computer it is a must in case you want to
use the excel means you need to have the excel installed on the computer by that I mean the excel
application with license should be available okay it works with excel s excel s m excel s x so in
case you have macros and all those stuff you can use this okay now this also has activity
specifically designed to work for csb file so csb comma separated file sometime we have
csb files which are stored in the form of excel something like this you can see this is a csb
file and this is an excel right so I cannot read this with the workbook I can read both of them with
the excel application scope okay our excel app integration now user choose whether two activities
should be visible or not so in the workbook activities everything runs in the background whereas in
the excel application you can run it in the foreground and the reason is simple because you have
the excel application installed so you have an app which can actually open the excel right and now
that is on you as a developer that do you want to see the operation happening or no if no you
have an option right so user can choose whether I want to see or not right whereas in the workbook
it can only work in the background now in the workbook I told you that the file cannot be opened
whereas in the excel application scope the file can be opened in your machine and the automation can
also run at the same time right so there is no kind of a mandate that the file should be always
closed which was there in the form of workbook right now this one is Microsoft excel must be installed
even when the visible unlock says checkbox right so you need to have the Microsoft
excel installed and if the file isn't open it will be open saved and closed for each activity right
so because this is now kind of a native integration with the excel so it takes care of it right
let's quickly summarize so we have two kind of activities one is workbook and one is the app
integration does it require excel here it is no here it is yes comparatively device it works with
excel sx but it works with csv excel sx and this functionality wise it is limited to basic activities
when I say basic it means that greed right append maybe rename read cell delete cell the basic
excel operation whereas this one is having wide range of application like running macros pivot table
creating chart graphs running with macros and all those stuff are available here
let's talk about advantages can be executed in the background without opening the excel application
so since it is running in background does not interact so this is faster
this can perform a wide range of application in advanced situation such as macros and pivot tables
now as a developer you have to decide what I am going to use if your requirement is very simple
right that let's read the data from the excel and paste it I can go with either one of them
so one thing you need to remember is if even I have excel installed I can still use the workbook
yeah so even though I have excel installed I can do the workbook but if my requirement is
very simple like you know just reading the data writing the data reading the cell I would like
and you do not like to work in the foreground you can always prefer workbook because it is faster
and this but if you have some complex requirement pivot table excel sm macros then we go for the
modern activities of this one okay so that is the first difference between the workbook and the
app integrations okay the next thing is let's go to the studio and let's try to see that in action
okay so this is my ui part studio right and first I go here and
okay I think I have put some filters okay my bad yeah so as of now I only have added the ui part
dot system activities right now if you remember when I talked about the workbook activities
they are inside system file and workbook so if I go to my ui part studio and if I go to the
the activities right installed system file yeah and then I don't see the workbook
why so okay I think workbook is also part of the excel application only let's try to install
the excel dependencies right let's see I think there is some dependency which I got confused so
yes let me quickly check for the dependencies so the dependency is see this ui part dot excel
dot activities okay so I go to the project all packages and then I say ui part dot excel dot activities
this one is by ui part right there are other activities also but we go with by ui part
i click on install then I say say right first thing first before we get any activity we need to
have the dependencies right it can be the other way around you can just drag and drop the activity
and it should have got right but I want to step by step right so you have now created let's go
to the activities now and installed in the system
did I have do I have some filter okay
why I am not getting the workbook here it is system file workbook right I think it was not
showing there but now when I just did a refresh then it should here so if I just go here into the
search and if I just search for workbook right let's try to first look for workbook so you can
see that inside the system file workbook so means these are all the activities which can even work
when the excel is not installed okay so I can just go here and you can see that this is all
the activities which I can do whenever the excel is not installed right so it is inside system file
and then workbook right so these are all the limited activities whereas if you scroll up this app
integration means that these are all the activities which will only work when the excel is installed
right so you see this excel icon in front of it right yes so this is the modern design experience
okay the one which you see here it is the modern design experience right one important thing I want
to show you here is before the modern design there was a classic version of excel activities
so if you go to this filter and if you click here classic right I have removed the classic now if I
click on classic you would see that there is also a version of classic see classic app integration excel
right so the classic one is exactly the same app integration means you need to have excel installed
on the computer and then you can do all these things right so I think I have put this filter here
so now when I go and I say excel now you would see a lot of activities one is coming in the install
app integration which means that the excel should be installed where you see this excel this is
the modern design excel okay now the classic the classic one your path has to design experiences
classic and the modern the classic one has also the same thing app integration excel exactly the
same thing right now if you are in the modern design prefer using this if you are in a company which
is you know more towards in the later or the enterprise version you will get these stuff app
integration classic right so now majority of the UI path is moving towards the modern that's why
I went here and I removed the classic that we don't want to see and then you see there is something
else which is at the bottom which is coming from integration services of office 365 so which
means that if I have it on the office 365 I hope you understand the office 365 which is on the
online side of it right then you have this one under the integration right so the best thing is
whenever you are utilizing and running any activity right first thing is you can just go here
remove the classic if you want to work on classic go ahead and use classic but we are not so I remove
this that was just an FYI right then I go here and I search excel okay and then you would see
a couple of activities right so you have to choose the one which is installed app integration
and this is your excel okay if you have to work on workbook then you can simply go here and
I search workbook and then you will get the workbook activities which is inside the system file
and workbook right which means that this guy do not require a workbook okay so I hope till this
part we are clear and let's start by doing something very simple right so I have this
sheet which is called the vendor data into my desktop and temp right and let's try to open that
and let me see what data we have okay so we have a data in the sheet which is like this right
or maybe in the new sheet I have some data which is related to something right so now let's today
my task is simple that first I want to read the data so let's try to first do it with the workbook
activities which means that assuming that I do not have the excel installed right so you can see
here you have a couple of activities excel works on the concept of range right so this is a range
this is a range so whenever we have to read the excel we have an activity which is called read range
right okay so read range workbook I drag on top it here it's absolutely simple right then
it's asking me Mukesh tell me where is your workbook right so you can click on this folder button
and you can just point it to maybe I'll point it to the desktop temp and vendor data right now if
you see here this is the workbook so it's showing me only the files right and then it is asking me
what is the sheet name so if I go here you can see the sheet name in excel you can have multiple
sheet which sheet you want to read right so for example I want to read this new sheet so all I have
to do is just go here and put in double quotes the new sheet right now the next thing it's asking
me that what is the range so if you see excel works on the concept of range if I select this it is
showing me it is from A to two let's say I select till this right this guy is G7 so if I just have
to read this I can just put like h5 a3 to g16 right yeah yeah and if I have to read only this
thing then maybe if I just have to read this part in blue then I can just say l 11 to or whatever
it is to m 30 right yes but if I have to read everything from the sheet I can just leave
this to blank right and it will read everything however there is other scenario where let's say
you want to read the data from here a6 so you can put just here a6 also and what would happen is
it will start reading data from a6 and it will read it in a like this so everything from a6
right or it so you just can give the starting cell and it will read so if I just give a1 it will
do like this and it will read everything okay if I want to start it from here you can just do it
like this right you can provide the range and everything right so let's say if I just want to
provide a range I can just give it like this a6 it will start from a6 and read everything right but
if I want to give a specific range I can do it like this a6 to f19 blah blah blah right whatever
you want to do so as of now I'll just leave it to blank and that should read the complete data for
me okay now you have a path if I go to the properties okay this is the most important properties
which you should know when you are working with excel right I'll just pull it like this
file is the file local path you can also use it as a resource variable which we will see maybe when
we move x ahead but this is a local file path that which you want to read right range as we have
specified what range we want to read sheet name what is the sheet you want to read right now there
are a couple of options add headers it means that it is asking me in case you are providing me this
data I do not know whether this first row is a header or is it a data now some time you get data
where you do not want to treat the first rows and header right you directly get the data or
some time you have headers so you have a is not taking any decision if you uncheck this this is
not going to treat it as an header but if I check this it's going to treat the first row as a header
so you should know what I am doing then the next thing is password which is kind of self-explanatory
we have sometimes password protected excel right which we gain from banks confidential data you can
pass the password here right and then when it comes to the output whenever I read data from excel
I get something which is called data table this is a most common question which I ask people
in the interviews to the beginners a lot of people get confused here please do remember that whenever
we read excel data because it's a table right we are getting a data table okay so data table is a
variable or is a container which have rows and columns so when you read data from the excel
actually you are going to get a table and it cannot be stored in string right because the string
would not be able to store so that's why it says data table now it's asking me where do you want
to write the data I can hit tap and it has created a variable for me dt excel data right so if I run
this automation what will happen it will go to this it will read this new it has header and it
is going to store in this one which is excel data okay now what I want to do here is after it
reads the data I just want to see how many rows the excel have right and that I want to put it in
a message box right just to see that whether the read was successful or not so I just put here
message box and I can just write a simple expression here or maybe you can use the
autopilot here you see right you can use autopilot in studio right expression so I can say
get me the total row count right so it has given me that thing right so total row count it will
give me and I can just say save so now if I run this automation I should get how many rows are
there in the excel right so to execute that I'll just go here and I say run the file okay so now
what is going to happen it is going to go to that file we are using workbook activities and see
you got an error the process cannot excel the file because it is being used by another process
why this error because it is open right and we are using the workbook right that's why
close this I'll save this and I'll just go here and I'll say run the file
and I got a message box saying that 696 right which means that your excel has 696 rows okay so
that was just reading the excel now same like reading
you can actually write the data also right so to read I use this activity read range to write I
can use the write range workbook right so I can just drag and drop it here write range workbook
it's going to ask me the same thing right where is the excel you want to provide the excel
if you want to read right in the same excel provide the same excel path
like this right now it's asking me what data what is the sheet name now if I go to the excel
in case you already have sheet and you want it to override let's say you want to override this
actual or this sheet you can just pass the sheet name which is sheet one provide it here
into this activity and it will just replace the sheet right because you are overwriting the data
but let's say we are trying to create a new sheet and which I want to call let's say
temp data right which is which does not exist by the way here right if you see here
in my excel we do not have not there right now it's asking me where is the data table so what data
you want to write so my data table is in dt excel data which is nothing but the variable which I
stored here right now it's asking you what is the cell you want to use now while it is writing
the data do you want to write it from here here here or you want to write it from A1 right depending
on your requirement you can do it from anywhere and let's say I just want to write it from A1 I just
pass here A1 I save this I close this I save this again and I can remove this message box just
go here and I say run the file so now what's going to happen we are just reading the data from
that vendor data which is using the sorry workbook without even opening 9 seconds completed let's
go to that vendor data and you would see that I have something which is the temp data which is all
the created right but if you notice here in my new data I had this header segment country product
sales price in my temp data I do not have that header right why the reason lies into your activity
when you write the data if you go to the properties you never told it to add the header
if I check this then it will write the header as well right yeah understood till this part
yes got it okay now what else we can do with the workbook as you can see we can say read the cell
right what is read the cell so for example you are interested to read only this cell so sometime
you have a data and I am only interested to read let's say this which is highlighted
which is in B13 right so to do such kind of automations you can
actually go here and use this one which is a read cell from workbook it's going to ask you
the same question right what is the thing where is the sheet name which sheet you want to read
right so I am going to from this excel this sheet and then it is asking the cell so cell is for me
is B13 so I can just go here and I say B13 now let's go to the properties and if you see here
you'll see a couple of more properties here now it's asking you first of all the result
the result this time would be a single value yet so I can say maybe value right and now if you
realize here in the variables it has created value something which is of type string right because
now it's not a data table it's a single value the other thing is you can actually
have something which is called the format which will I'll show you also so let me just save this
and then what we are going to do is I'll just use a passage box and let's try to
print the value into the message box right and I can just close this
okay and now if I just go here and I say run the file
and you see that I have got United States of America right so because that was the value
single cell right and now it will continue the automation now sometime what happens is
you have formats you see this one rupees format it has a formatting right which is rupees
so if I ask it to read the data from E 13 now let's see what happens
see 13 right yeah eat 13 if I ask it to data to read the data from E 13
and if I just go and say run the file let's see what happens
so it has given me this one nine two two five but it has given me the format also
okay so I think this is still treated as a string but anyways I'll tell you what does it mean
so sometimes I don't have an example for that as of now but sometimes your text has some kind of
formatting okay special symbol or something or any value so now when I am reading this data
it is asking me into the properties do you want to preserve the formatting or not use the display
format okay maybe it will happen in the dates okay it will happen in the case of dates
so I don't have any dates here okay so just to give you an example right when I hover over this
you can see here it says that sometime you have the dates in the excel right 12,000
but when yes and it changes right now if you want to have exactly the same thing you can
just go here and tick this one and it is going to preserve the formatting for you okay so if you
want to preserve the formatting you can just go and click that otherwise you can just ignore the
thing okay so same like read cell if I just go here and I say workbook you would see here same
like the read cell I have read row I have the right cell but I'm only limited to do these things
right I cannot do much things with the help of workbook right but it was faster it happens quickly
it happens in the background and I don't have to worry about anything right so that was your workbook
let's go here and I try to create a new excel and I call it now as excel app okay so now let's talk
about the excel now when I go to the installed and then if you go to the app integration in the excel
you see you have the CSV also and you have this excel now inside the excel if you see
by looking into it you can realize that how many extra things I can do yeah a bunch of things yeah
protect sheet save excel as rename sheet invoke code invoke VBA which is your macros duplicate
sheet delete sheet we look up text to columns and I think all these are self-explanatory right yeah export
to CSV filter range filter lot of activities but the key weight here is you need to have the excel
installed on your computer okay so now how do you get started with the excel the first thing is
you should use this guy which you see at the top which is excel process scope okay excel process
scope is simply a container which allows you to use everything into this process scope you can
just think it as an excel which can you can use it it's a good practice to start with excel process
scope otherwise you can directly use with something with the use excel file as well but it's a good
practice why I'm saying that it's because isn't it similar to like a application app application
scope yes yes similar to that but if I directly have to use excel right so today I have to use
so I use this one which is use excel file this is the first activity right but as soon as I put it
here it's asking me no it's not an error so there is an error which says that provide the excel
part there is a warning if you see that warning UI path recommend using the use excel file inside
a excel process scope that is a warning the error is because we don't have provided the workbook
right but that is the warning okay okay so now we'll go with UI path and we'll start with the best
practice we'll use something which is called excel process scope okay and then inside that inside
the do I'm going to use this one which is the use excel file right and now you realize that how good
this activity is so now it's asking me Mukesh where you say workbook path so I'll provide this go to
desktop temp and this is my file right now this excel file is a complete excel file so UI path has
created a reference for it right a nickname or an alliance right which it is referring as excel
you can actually go and change it to let's say this is my excel for vendor data right so this is now
latest features which UI path has got and it's very it has a lot of features right let's try to see
that first thing first let's say the excel path which I have given here does not exist
instead of vendor data I just have passed vendor 1 2 3 dot excel sx right inside the temp folder
I'm saying vendor 1 2 3 dot excel sx and I'm trying to read that file now if you see here
do I have the vendor 1 2 3 it's not here right yeah now create if not exist I'll say this
go here and say run the file right so sometime you are writing in automation where you want the file
to be created automatically at every run right so you can provide the file and use excel to create
the file created the file but it would be blank right because it won't have anything right so the
first functionality was this create if not exist save changes means as soon as you do it do you
want to do a control S or not right that's self explanatory in case you don't want to create I can
if I remove this create if not exist right and now if I'm trying to read vendor 1 2 3
which is not here now if I go here and I say run the file what would happen it will try to find
the file it will not have it and you will get an exception yeah yeah yeah it's not there right
you're trying to read a file you do not want your part to create it so that's why it has given the
error right I'll just revert it back to the file and I'll say save right and then I'm referring
it as this so these are the two settings right now there is something which is called read the
formatting this is coming from the modern design experiences will keep it as it is and we'll
not touch this right now the first thing is if I have to read the data now this are very self
explanatory I have to read the data it's a range so you can see here I have all these activities
and then I can say read range right read the value of an excel and give me the data table
it is exactly the same as workbook but you will see here more
functionality or more features right so now it's asking me what is the range right the same question
now but the difference here is if I click on this plus button
you would see a kind of an intuitive menu which was not there in the workbook so this excel
vendor data which you see here is coming from here the allies which you have gave so it's asking me
from the excel vendor data it and it is showing me all the sheets see actually you
sheet 1 sheet 2 which one you want to read you can just click on this and then
it will actually go and it is actually telling me their actual sheets has a financial table as well
right which is the excel table so it has made it very easy for you but yeah just clicking on
yeah just clicking on so I want to read the complete sheet let's say for the new one right I can
just click on it and it has got me this data now where do you want to save it I want to save it
to the vendor data table I hit a tab and it created the variable for me much more cleaner and easier
right but this guy has a lot more properties if you go to the properties it has a bunch of properties
first thing first has headers I hope you understand that it has headers or not right the second thing
is visible visible rows only which means that sometimes in excel you might have hidden rows
right so if I go to my excel and in my new sheet I just go here like this and I right click on it
and I just hide them now it's asking me do you want to read only the visible rows
has formatting and then there is something which is called read formatting how do you want to
have the formatting default raw value or the display value right so raw value and the display value
there is a difference when you say raw value it means the actual value and the display value is
how is actually shown in the excel right so you can change the settings from here range and everything
is coming on here right now the other thing is I just forgot in the use excel file also
if you go to the properties you would have a lot of properties again here
like password edit the password right create if not exist keep the excel file open remember this
setting wherever you are doing do you want to keep it open or no resize window minimize maximize
save the changes right sensitively operation add update clear right so a lot of things are
available for you which are which were not there into the workbook right so if you have excel
installed you have more complex thing you should go with this one right now I'm asking you to read
the range from this which is this right now if you click on this plus button you also has an
option here which says custom input okay so in the custom input you can actually put the table
you can put the range you can put anything right so for example you want to put a custom range
A to B to all of that you can do here into the custom range so it has given you everything whichever
you require to to the sorry my bad yeah so it has given you everything whichever you require
and the last thing is you can actually go and right here as well that what data you want to read
right so you can just go here and provide the read range and everything you can just go and
do it here as well right so now I want to read this I want to put it to the window table
and then other option here is indicate in excel okay so this indicate in excel is
other component of excel where you actually install a plugin inside the excel okay okay so if I
click on this indicate in excel do you have an excel add in installed as of now I don't have an
excel add in installed on my computer so what this guy I will actually do is it's when you say
indicate in excel it is going to open this excel in front of you and then you just have to select the
data like this and it will automatically get the range for you here so it has become that easy
now with these activities okay so once we will install this plugin then I think we will be able to
just select the range and yeah you can you can provide the range you can provide the range by using
this custom input okay right you see the option of range I don't know why I'm not able to select the
range is it because it's open on my secondary monitor or there is something which is happening it's
not allowing me to select the range but I think you can try it on your own I think it's because I'm
using the two monitors so it's opening on the different machine maybe that but you can just go
and say custom input and you can provide the custom input as well yeah something wrong I don't know
why but anyways but you got the concept right so you can read the range and then once you have read
the range similarly to write it back you can just use something which is called this
write data table to excel now it's asking me what to write the vendor data table destination
can click on this excel vendor data you want to create you want to put it into this sheet that
sheet or I can just go here put this tab here and into the destination I can just remove everything
same like we did there I can say that maybe something like Monday right I don't have a sheet
call Monday so I can I'm just asking it to create a sheet call Monday but now if you see here it says
that I am not able to get the Monday file because because if you go to the properties it says that
the destination should be a I read reference so it should be a reference so you can just remove this
tab and then inside this sheet of the new I can say Monday right so it's following the reference
right because when I started with the use excel file I have provided that this complete excel has to
be referred by this reference and when I directly passed Monday it was asking me that okay she
don't have the reference right so I provided the reference now it's asking me a question if do you
want to include the header exclude the headers do you want to append it delete it all of that is there
and then here we have the exclude headers by default it is included Monday sheet is not there but
this time if you see I have the excel open so if I just go here and I say run the file
it's going to read the data from the new sheet and it is going to put it into the
sheet by creating a new one because I'm using the app integration I do not need to close the excel
right you see that I'm not getting the error right so and then it went and it created the Monday
sheet for me right yeah yeah so that is an example of the read and the write okay now what are the
other things which you can do let's try to see something which is like a pen wrench right so
you are writing an automation where you have already some data let's let me just try to put it like
this into my sheet 4 I already have some data right but I don't know till what data I have it
may be sometime till 17 some date is 18 you are just creating some kind of log right now you want
the automation to actually append so you have something which is called append range right so I
can use the append range here I will just remove the this guy so we are reading the data from the
new sheet and then I am asking it to append it into this and then it is asking me what do you want
to copy all values and all these things right but if I just go here excel range to append
append after range so if I just go here you can see here excel data to append what data you want
to append or I have another option which I see use the variable where I say that use the vendor data
so whatever data I have read from here I want to put it into this one but it's not taking it maybe
I'll just go here and I say use the variable excel vendor data yeah so whatever you have in the
excel vendor data I want to append that and append after range after what you want to append it
so I can just go to the excel vendor data again into my sheet 2 I guess right sheet 2
so whatever you have in the sheet 2 oh sorry sheet for my bed you can just change it again
sheet 4 so I want to append after range into the sheet 4 excel range to append what range you
want to append I think I should be able to use the data table but it's not allowing me but
let's try to do it again let's say I want to read only the
the stomach put just give me one second I think there is something wrong with this
probably third option range they might have to pick yeah but it's not allowing me to select this
it's not giving me the control yeah now I think it bling but yeah I'm not able to select this
I think it's because of something right but anyways so excel range to append and then I can just
maybe go to the actual sheet yeah so whatever data you have in the sheet 2
which is empty maybe I'll just put some records here
right whatever data you have in the
actually I should have got an option to here but yeah okay let's try this whatever data
I have in the sheet 2 I want to append it into the sheet 4 from room number 18 right so let's
try to go here and try to run the file
and now if you realize we are not actually closing the excel right and now in the sheet 4 you can
see that it directly started from 18 right I did have to explicitly mention 18 right
sometime sometime you have a requirement where you actually want to append the range but maybe you
want to let's start with a specific cell okay okay so then you also have an option to I think
in this one which is destination okay so maybe I'll just give a different example which is
familiar here okay so for example today you are doing an append range okay so append range is simple
which simply means that it will go it will read all the data and then it will allow you to
write the data from the next cell but sometime in your automation you might have empty rows
now you have a requirement that first you want to actually let's say delete the duplicate rows
short that remove the duplicate insert the rows right so to take an example so for example I
want to put the data into sheet 4 but before that okay let's take it like this actually I
made I confused you with a lot of example but let me make it so for example this is my source data
okay now I do not want to append the data directly from here yeah first I want to insert some rows
and then I want to start the data from here yeah okay so for that you have activities where you can
actually insert the rows same like this I can just try and drop it here in what table or range you
want to insert so I want to insert into sheet number 4 okay how many rows you want to insert
let's say I want to insert 10 rows okay and where do you want to insert at the start at the end
so I'd say that at the end of the sheet 4 I want to insert 10 rows can we can we see like let's say
if I want to insert at specific location for example after row number 20 so in table or the
reach right so I can just go here and in this you can see no in where we are seeing some option
the third box there there is third option I guess we are seeing and that shows us
I didn't know in that okay no in the dialog box where you have written end right
uh-huh okay okay this one you're asking yeah okay specific index yeah okay understood so okay
this is the one you're asking I thought you are asking about something else okay so specific index
which row number you want to write yeah so this is what you want to do yes let's try to put 25
right so let's try to do 25 so we are saying that in this sheet 4 into row number 25 just
insert 10 rows right so let's save this yeah I can just delete this and we don't want this as well
save this go here and say run the file okay so now if you go here you can see that we have the
10 record 10 rows here that's what I wanted to thank you Mukesh right so same like insert rows you
can insert the columns you can do this first and the last data row then you have the filter
export to CSV delete the rows so same like you have insert rows you can actually delete the rows
as well which all position match function we look up refresh reward rename sheet macros save
excel spdf protect unprotect right so all of these options are available for you which you can
actually utilize we look up text to columns right so I think these are self-explanatory option you
need to just play around with it right but the thing is which you need to now remember is that
you have two kind of activities one is the workbook and the other is the excel okay workbook has
are limited features which you can see into the system yeah file and workbook only this limited
options yeah right reads right cell but if you have only this task read cell write cell read column
you can do this but if you have more complex and you have excel install then you want to go for the
this one right so this application scope and to get started with you start with excel process
scope and then inside that use excel process and then you start doing this automation right in case
you are in the classic design experiences right in case you are not using modern you can click on
this and click on classic and then the classic is going to give you a tab which is called I think
it would be in the classic type here classic app integration excel right okay and it has the same
set of activities see app and range excel application scope so instead of excel process scope they call
it as excel application scope read cell write cell read range write range but if you see here I was
using insert row it has given me this good visa right but if I just try to use maybe
let's try to use the read range or read cell formula from here let's try to use the read range
so if you see here this read range is different it has not that intuitive feature
because it is classic right if I try to do something from classic like insert column right the one
which we just use if I just use insert column you see yeah different right you can not intuitive
you can just use variables right like this yes so that's why the modern one is the new one still in
some companies you will still get classic so you need to understand at how does this thing work but
you will be able to figure it out right these are all self explanatory activities when you don't
want it you can just uncheck it so yes that's pretty much about excel now to get more hands on
what you need to do is just take any excel try to read write delete append right try to use a lot of
functions install that plugin whichever it is suggesting and then you would be able to see more
of its power yeah yeah yeah and yes that's it any questions you have on the excel
no I think that's why it's very good I think a lot of features only I just have to play around
I guess otherwise no questions yeah right so just need to install this dependency and practice this
yeah that should be fine if you want some sample excels right to practice maybe this one you can
just go to the website which is my website which is mkishkala.com and I have uploaded this
sample excels right whichever I'm showing so you go to downloads and for all the projects and
whatever I have put it into the YouTube right you would see all the files and everything so you can
just download the code and everything so this is excel this is from the classics you can download
the file and it will give you the sample files right so you have everything here for Python,
Boolean, AI Center document understanding so that's impressive I will definitely go through with that
you can download the source code for each and every video or you know the playlist
okay so I hope you guys enjoyed the excel automation and were able to follow along and
download some of the material from the website as well right next up is something which is
called file and folder automation whenever I have to work and and your automation I have to work
on file folders how do I automate file in folder in new ipad that would be the agenda for the next
session see you in the session excel I see an excel automation project that's why I was a bit
confused key okay excel automation we have not covered okay that's not a problem excel we can cover
but before excel there is something which is called file and folder automation right because excel
will come as a folder right so file and folder is a small topic but an important concept okay okay
so today I'll cover something which is called file and folder automation because any project you do
right you need to interact with files and folders okay yeah so I don't need to go into the
details of why file and what is folder and all right so basically whenever we talk about file
and folder automation we do crud cred operation right create retrieve update and delete right
delete so whenever we are doing an automation right so there would be always requirement where you
actually go and you want to create folders so what are the requirements some time let's say you are
pulling data from a website or sometime you are doing some of the test cases now you want the
automation itself to create the folder right it can be something like creating a folder by the date time
it can be something like creating a folder by department or creating a folder in the directory with
the name of some customer right so that means that creating a file and folder becomes important right
so first thing is let's see what actually I required to start with the file and folder automation
so I'll go to the activities and if I just search here folder okay so you can see here I am getting
all these activities which are available into the system file right why I'm getting system file
directly because now this is a recent update in UI path now UI path has adding only one dependency
to the project this is the new project which I created and it is only adding the system activities
previously it used to add the excel it used to add the UI automation that's why this solution is
clean need and you have only one package which is system activity and file and folder automation is
part of the system activity so if you go to the install if you go to system you would see that all
this file and then you would also have the folder inside that all these things right so far let's say
if you want to work with excel then do we to add that separately or like you know
you need to add the dependency so as of now I do not have the dependency for excel right so it is
your upper dot system not activities now if I go to the activities and if I just search excel
right you would see that these excel are these are available right but these are not installed
right wherever if I search here file it is inside the installed okay so it's it's nothing you can
just drag and drop and it will automatically add the dependencies so for example if you want to do
today excel right so if I just drag and drop this like this see it is adding the dependencies
right which means that it is telling the project that to the developer wants to do the excel automation
that's why it has now added the excel dependency also so you don't need to remember this you can
just drag and drop and it should work okay so now first thing first let's say today you have to create
a folder so I can just go here and search for something which is called folder and you can see
that you have all these activities which are available okay now so to create the folder you have an
activity which is called create folder you can just drag and drop it here and the activity is
absolutely simple see the full path of the directory to be created where actually you want to
create the folder okay if you go to the properties you would notice that it has no other property it has
something which is called the output what is the output right so it is just asking you where do you
want the full path of the folder right so for example I am in my desktop temp and maybe I want to
create a file here into my cuser desktop so all you have to do is just pass the open this
this is a string so put in double quotes right this is the path full path of the folder so temp
is already there I want to create a new folder let's say new folder save that's it now if I just
go here and I say run the file it created a folder new folder as simple as that okay now the good
part about this activity is this when you are running it on let's say ad hoc basis or when you
are running it you know between the automation so for example there are a lot of automation which
is happening here the best practice is that you need you can create a string variable something
like this str underscore folder path and then during the automation you can create a folder path
like this right now the good part here is you can actually create dynamic folders also what do I
mean by dynamic folders is let's say today I want to create a folder by current date and time
right so now here if you see this is now the latest update of UI path right so people who are not
comfortable with let's say coding right previously they used to now go to internet and find it out
that how do I create a new folder with current date and time so the syntax to create the new folder with
date and time was you need to put a plus then you need to write now dot to string right something
something and then you need to do it like but now AI is part of your path studio okay this is
called autopilot experience right in case you are new to autopilot start exploring autopilot that
is the next thing which is going to come into your path so this is what you see here this is the
new autopilot experience which you see in studio so I can say that create a folder with
current date and I can just do to this so it automatically
created that expression for me system.io.part.combine str folder path and
date time dot now dot to string this and I just need to go and I say save this so in this
thing it is just asking you to provide where is the str folder path right so I can just combine this
copy this pass this complete thing here that I want to create a folder into
str folder path followed by current folder right and in the str folder path I will just pass
this path maybe in the desktop time so basically what I mean to say that is you don't need to now
remember much of the syntax you can just pass the things and autopilot and your path can always do
it for you right the other other thing is you can always go to internet and find the syntax
you'll still find out right so see 13 to 2025 without me even writing a single piece of code right
I just configured that activity right now you can think of a scenario where you will utilize it
where you are creating an automation you have downloaded it at some file and now you want to save
it as per the date inside the date you can create a time and all those things you can do right so
that's the create folder. So I have a question and you're just mentioning it sorry
you're mentioning autopilot right so does it something like you know what we refer to
AI center or it's a different thing because it's a different thing it's a different thing
okay so that that comes only on cloud version or we can hand it on like you know on premise
this version as well like you know that is available only in cloud autopilot is a separate tool
or I would say product of Uipath it is available in all the products such as Uipath studio if you
see this is my Uipath assistant right so I have installed the autopilot on my Uipath assistant also
so that means that if I can ask this guy Uipath assistant like who is Mukesh Kala
right I have trained my automation to gather information about myself right
I in the background I have given it a lot of context lot of information about myself
and it has it is giving me this information right so this is context grounding
all those advanced stuff of AI working all absolutely low code right and if you want to learn this
again you can go to the YouTube channel there is a complete playlist on autopilot for everyone
it is free you can just go to the YouTube channel and I can just show you here your channel
yes yes you can do it on your community edition so this is the complete playlist on Uipath autopilot
for everyone which I have recently started so autopilot is something which is now Uipath putting
into everything this is the first step towards the agent process automation right so yes it won't
be available into on-prem as of now but you can always try it on your own and you know get those
additional ideas that how does the industry shipping right so yeah so that's about creating the
folder okay now what happens today if I go ahead and if I again run this automation okay see
I already have the folder created at that same location right with the current date and time what
happened if I again go and if I run this file right it again went and it again it might have
overredened the file right right so ideally sometime you do not want to create a file first you
want to check right whether if the file or folder is already there there is no point in creating
that again right so the ideal way or the good practice again right as I was saying right we
know we need to write automation we just not need to write automation we need to write good automation
right so if you see the folder is already there there is no need to create a folder right so now
I should have an option to check whether the folder exists or not so if I just go here and I say
folder exist right simple activities right yeah so I I have the path here
and then before I create a folder I am checking whether this path the same path
exist or not if it exists I can just create a variable control plus key that is the shortcut and
I say that is exist okay so this would be now a variable again now all the concepts are coming
together it's a new variable it would be true or false right so now yeah yeah then I can just
use any condition and then I can say that if it exists then you don't need to do anything right
don't need to create it maybe if it does exist just give me a message box or just give me some
action just say that okay maybe folder already exist right so that you don't override or you don't
over automate right so I can just go here and I say run the file and now you would see that the
folder is already existing and I got a message which is that folder already exists right so that
means that we have all these things which are available we just need to know that how I can do
that right now that was about creating of the folder now if you go back to the activities and if
I just go here and I search folder there are some of the self-explanatory thing like
copy folder copy from one folder to the other folder right delete folder so for example while
during doing your automation you have created some temporary folders right so you do not want your
things to override right that time you want to delete the folder so you have delete the folder right
some interesting one which you should know is something which is like get folder information okay
so for example you are writing an automation where a lot of team members are actually creating that
and using that automation okay so now you want to know the additional information on a folder
such as who created it what is the created it what is the modified it what is the size right so
previously we need to write a lot of information now your appath has got us this activity which is
called the get folder information you just have to provide the folder path here right so for
example if I just want to have information maybe about let's say this one write this folder sample
files I can just copy this pass the complete path here and then in the output I can
create a variable called output okay and then if I just try to
put a breakpoint here but I want to run it in debug mode and just put it in a debug mode here
and I can just say debug the file so I want to run it in debug mode to see that what data is
coming in that output right so this is the variable and you can see here in the output I am getting
all this information what is the complete path even there if I expand this in the directory info
you have the I think let me just see now it is expanded right took some time so I have all these
information like what is the root okay what is the parent folder what is the creation time in the
UTC what is the last access last attributes Unix file folder path so all these are the things which
are available for you the full name whether it exists does not exist and then you have all the
things which you might require which is available inside this output variable so for example today
my automation requires is that I want to know that what is the what was the last day of the year
when it was created right what was the last right time what was the last created day so I have
this information in the output and we have all this information so wherever I want to use I can
just say output what is the variable which is getting this information put a dot and then it will
give me all the properties which I was showing you there exist full name get directory and all okay
so it will give me all these details from this so I can just use it and we'll give you the data
full name what is the path what is the created it last created it last updated and all that
information you can get using this sky which is called the get folder info okay now others are
like self-explanatory right rename the folder move the folder means moving from one folder to another
folder if you just see these activities it's just asking you from where you want to move
folder to the destination and if it already exists do you want to override or not override right
simple that you can just try it on your own now there are some actually things which you should know
is about the environment folders okay so what is that environment folder are the system folders so
for example consider today you wrote an automation okay and let me pull up a note pad
okay so today you wrote an automation okay what is zooming there okay I think yeah okay yeah
so today you wrote an automation and your requirement is when you download the file okay
you want to download the file into the download folder of the customer okay okay so every windows
computer have a download folder right we know that yeah yeah download folder of the customer
or to be simple like let's say whichever user is using that automation you want to put it
into the my documents of that user okay or even something like that you today wrote an automation
where you want to put the data into the desktop okay now you build this automation for
100 customers or you are providing the services to a company which is going to use your automation
how would you know what would be the download path yeah how would you know what is the desktop path
so for example if I see today my download path is this D sorry if I go here maybe
if I go to my documents right my document parts is this DEC colon mucase something something
right if I go to my desktop temp my path is this C user's cache color right how would you guess
what is that user machine name right so that's where Uipath has something or some option where
you can get this environment variables when I say environment variable this is something related
to windows okay anywhere you care you want to get the information of the folders which is
windows folder right when I say windows folder I mean the environment folder so you have something
which is called get environment folder and get environment folder gives you access to special
folders right which are by default in every windows like every windows will have desktop my documents
recent my videos right all these things right cookies history internet cache right think of an
application where you want to know what is the program file x86 path right or you want to know
where are the histories getting stored right you want to do something for let's say resources
you want to get access of admin tools right when you actually do real time automation you need all
this information so today let's say I want to know that what is the my document paths
of this computer where this automation is working right so I go to the properties and I can create a
variable called let's say paths and then if I just use a right line activity okay so and I can
just say here paths so basically what does this do is whichever computer the automation is working
from that computer it can get you the environment values so get environment folder
from this computer if I go here and I say run the file it means that it is running on my computer
right so I just triggered it and completed you can see that it gave me my user document
if I deploy this automation to orchestrator and from orchestrator and I run this same automation
on your computer it is going to give me your computer path right so I have not hard coded I have not
configured it right I have just used the environment folders now what can I do I have this path
already with me right which is this and now I can use this path into the next set of activities
where I say that if today I want to create a folder okay just go and create a folder so it's going
to ask me where do you want to create a folder I can say that yeah create a folder in that
path location and then whatever you want to create the folder put a plus and whatever you want
to give the folder name that's right useful yeah right so these are the get these are the environment
folders I that's why it is called get environment folder okay so apart from that the other activities
are like self explanatory something like rename the folder if you have a folder you want to rename
right folder exist delete folder create folder copy folder okay now this is all about the folder
right the same concept applies to the files yeah so for files you have a lot more options
right so let's talk something about files so files are like
you want to create your own file there is a file which does not exist at all right so you
you are writing an automation you got some data you got some information and now you want to put
that information into a file so today if you have to write the data to a notepad file first you
need to create the notepad file right how would you create a notepad file first you need to
instruct the system right that I want to have a notepad file at this location before if you don't
have a file how will you write so you have give us activities to actually do all of this so for
example today if I want to create a file I can use this activity which is called create file now
concept is simple it's asking me where is the file location right so you can use this browse button
and let's say I want to put it into my desktop temp here I want to create a new file see it got the
complete path of that folder it's simple as that right you can use the variable now next thing
it asking me what file you want to create so inside that temp folder let's say I want to create a new
file demo dot txt okay I just go here and I say run the file and just minimize I can go to
back to the close this actually and then here you can see demo dot txt is available yeah so it
created a demo file for you right text file excel csb you can think of any of the file right now
what else you already have a file and if I rerun this automation what would happen it will
actually go and recreate the same file however the ideal way would be first check whether the file
exists or not exactly like I did the folder exist you have an activity which is called file
exist okay provide the path check the file if it is existing yes it exists create it if it does
not exist don't create it right so this is useful when you are creating a logs right so for
example you are running an automation into it's a very big automation right and you are creating
a log so you do not want to create log for every run or maybe you want to create log for every run
right but let's say I have a requirement where I want to have a single log file for one day
for today I want to have a single log file so what I can do is I can create a folder inside
the stem folder right and here instead of the file name I want to create let's say
see again create a ext file by today's date right I don't want to write the syntax
and see yeah it's going to index as well with dot txt date time not dot or two
string only I have to provide this guy which is the output right and I can just save this
that's the small thing we need to understand right that where this output will come from right
so that's why a little bit of this thing you can and always by the way right you can put
this thing back into chat GPT or autopilot and ask it to explain me this expression
so if I don't understand this right I can go back to autopilot and I can pass this and I can say
explain me this and it will explain you okay so all this is coming towards something which is
called agent right C sharp is combining two parts of the file path system.io this is a method
that combined two or more part output file this date time no no this complete thing right so I
don't have to worry about it and I can ask you to do things here and here right so I just need to
pass this one which is the output and then in the output I just need to provide this path so I'll
just copy this and I hard code it here. So what is the file name right so file name is only this
this is only the file name because I know a little dot it so yeah I know that this is the
file name right so date time dot no dot two string followed by the txt right so now what I'm
telling it is to create a file with that name okay so now when I run this it will create
file right so back to our use case today we want to create a logs so it created a file like this
13 to 2025 right now if I rerun this and if I have some data which is already added to the logs
so let's say there is some data which is already added to the logs now because this is Windows right
so I have some data which is already there in the logs right just treat it as a business scenario you
created logs you have a lot of data and then from your automation you just go and you rerun
so okay created the file again right so if I go here
the file is blank right because you overwrite it so what what is the current
what should be the correct approach right the correct approach should be first you check
whether the file exist or not exist if it exists just do that right so before this you need to
use the file exist activity and all those stuff right now when you're working with file there is
a good part about the file is let's say you have already created a file right now for that file you
want to add the data to that file you have something which is called append append line okay
append as in what text you want to append so for example I can just go here this is the file
I can say that this is let's say already some of the data which is there I'll just save this
and then I want to copy a spot for this here so I'm saying what is the file path the complete file
right to the file name here what is the text right so I can say that new content something right
anything so you don't have to actually go and write logic that okay check what is the content
till where it is there it will automatically figure out the new line and it will add then you don't
say yeah yeah yeah so basically it has made this thing easier right now you can relate to scenarios
where you want to keep append to the text file right and you do not want to create new files yes if
you want to create new files go ahead and create a new file right but you want to do an append line you
can do that right other thing if you see here delete file self-explanatory zip unzip right yeah
if you want to zip and unzip the file you have that move the file move the folder one of the most
common activity which you are going to use is this guy which is called path exist right yeah
this activity is a single activity which can take care of any path okay so for example
in your business requirement okay you have given the business the option to provide the folder path
okay so you had a requirement where you told the business that okay the business folder path
should come from the business or the file path should come from the business right so business
gave you a path so let's say business gave you this path okay see desktop user temp but the problem
is while giving the path they put an extra one here right now if I use this path into my further
automation what would happen the robot would not be able to find the path right so for example
the business gave me this path temp one which does not exist right now inside the temp one folder
let's say now my next piece of automation was to create a file okay now into the create file
the business gave me this path temp one which is wrong and now I was I have asked the automation
to create a file called business dot txt so theoretically it is correct right it is a path
but if I go and if I say run the file see I cannot find the file so now you have to go back
handle the exceptions and all right so basically a correct approach should be before you do any
of the file in folder automation first you check whether whatever I am giving exist or not right so
as we speak exist we have something which is called path exist it's a simple activity
but it take care of both the scenarios if you see there is a small drop down here you can check
for the folder or you can check for the file so ideally I could have just check with the folder
whether this exist or not so previously I was checking folder exist right and then there is an
activity called file exist you can combine both of them into this one where you can see that whether
the folder path whatever path I have given exist or not and the output for this activity would be
Boolean exist Boolean yeah yeah yeah the difference here is you would also get a reference
if the path exist this was missing into the folder
is it okay yeah so yeah that I local resource right that I local whatever it is that right if I
will just go to the path exist and if you go to the properties right so this resource I local
resource is used by the studio x activities you would see it in the excel activities also
and you would also see this in lot of the studio web activities also right so maybe whenever we are
doing this activity then you can actually see that so yes here it is the additional thing which
is the resource path resource and this will give you all the information about that local resource
which was missing here right so that's why developer always try to use this one because it gives you
more information right and then using that variable I can check that okay if it is existing
don't even go and create the file if it does not exist go and do that right so I could have just
used any activity here and then so this is now your logical flow right if the path exist
if the path exist output then only go and try to create the file otherwise just log a message
yeah seeing that it's incorrect right so now when I run this
path is not correct and I can just go and say the run file now tampon is still not available
but the good part would be I am my automation is successful it did not break and I got a error
proper error right so whenever we say that the automation is successful or it has failed right
failed does not mean that this is not a failure this is a proper handling of the exception fail
is something like where the automation failed abruptly right and the user does not know this right
yeah so this is the file one using activity which is in the file okay and you can see here you have
the append file browse for file browse for folder so browse for file and browse for folder right so
again these are new set of activities and you might be thinking why we have that right so let
me show you testing thing so browse for file maybe right so now there is an activity called browse
for file if I go so it's save this go ahead and run the file see when I run that automation it has
opened this wizard for me asking me to select a file okay right this is useful when you are writing
attended automation yes okay you want the user to select a file because when the automation is
running from orchestrated in the background right this activity does not make sense but let's say
you are writing an automation where you want the user to select a folder right so you have written
an attended automation and you tell the user that go ahead and select the folder where you have
kept the input data use this activity called browse for folder so whatever folder it this activity
the user will select that folder path would be stored in this variable which is the selected folder
and that way you can just continue the rest of the automation
so yeah when browse for the folder and like you know select path like get path so that isn't the
same thing like you know whether it is exit or not and it is giving us a path as well right what we
saw before no but there I had two paths which activity you just told me the select we previously
did that like you know when we were selecting path for file folder path exists yeah so path exist
okay see here what is the input to path exist you need to provide the path here
path yes oh this will give us path actually yeah you need to provide the path here like this
you're right okay okay I got it yeah now browse for folder
we give us path I go here and I say run the file I'm not sure which folder user want to use
so it has opened with this okay so let's say user want to run in this one so I say okay
and now that path would be stored in this variable selected folder
depending on the user and yeah depending on the user it's user variance so that's why it's
piece of the attended automation right so that's coming from the
these activities file folder right so that you have something which is called zip unzip file exist
folder exist right now this one is an important activity and a good activity also so for example
I have this folder maybe data sample files in the sample files I have five files right now I want
to do the same operation all these five files okay maybe I want to get the name of all the five
files or I want to rename all of them or I want to delete all of them right or maybe I want to get
the created date from all of them for each file right I want to do something so you have an activity
which is called for each file in the folder absolutely simple activity for each file in which folder
okay this folder right then it is asking me do you want to include the subfolders if yes do that
do if you want to skip the folders no filters by do you want to filter only excel sx because it's
a folder it can have pdf it can excel it can have notepad if you have filter you can do that do
you want to order it by ascending descending everything you can think of is available on this
single activity right so what it is simply telling me is that for each of the file whatever I'm
iterating I will give you that information in this variable which is the current file so this
current file basically will have all the information about that file now inside that let's say today
I just want to do something with each of them so that information is available into this one which
is the current file so if I just go here and I say current file it has all the file info and I can
set dot and it will give me all the thing like creation time so for example I want to know the
creation time for all the files okay and I just go here and I say run the file now from that
creation time you can do the next set of logic right so you can see in the output I have got the
creation time for all the files because that's a file info variable right this current file is
having all the file info for each and every file and now as soon as you use current file and
you put a dot it gives you all the parameters created it created time created x delete if you want
to delete it you can delete directory name exist folder full name full path whatever you can think
of right you can get last access time last access date this is useful when you want to do the
same set of operation into all the same set of files right so for example for excels you want
to do different operations so you can use the same thing and here you can say that filter by
dot excel sx now it will filter only the excel sx okay right so wherever you want to do the same
set of operation into all the folders you use this one which is called the forage folder yeah
yeah and then if I go to the activities and if I just go and search file you have more activities for
files like write text file wait for download again 3 name folder path exist move folder move file
get folder info get file info for each file so most of these activities are available for you so
you won't need to write any additional code right they have even given you this one which is
now compressed and zip the files right so you want to zip and send it right so before sending
as an email you want to zip it all of that you can do right so before you get into the actual
implementation of the automation you would always need to interact with the system you need to
interact with the files and you need to interact with the folders right so that's why file and folder
becomes a bit important yeah so yes so now that's it I wanted to cover and now I want you to go
back and just create some small automation as I was doing and try to use this folder go to the
activities search for folder try to use these activities right at least once that how does this
work how does the file work right and if you can think more you can just create a hypothetical
scenario that today if you are dealing with a file folder automation how would you like to behave
right you want to create a folder inside that you want to have a sub folder inside the sub folder you
want to have files then you want to write data to the sub file right all of that combination if
you are able to do with these activities you would be good okay so coming up next till this point
we have only seen what is studio we as a developer have automated a lot of things we understood the
different components and they are available with us now when it comes to actually deploying where
would I actually deploy this solution if I am a developer I have created the automation in my
machine how would my business access my automation how would I deploy my automation and that's where
the important component of your path comes which we have seen in the first session orchestrator
in this module we are going to discuss about the orchestrator module in details right
just a quick information guys and I have shown it into the course as well I have a dedicated
paid course which is available in Udemy where I have covered this module which is orchestrator in
a detailed manner you would find the link into the description or you can just go to Udemy
answers for Mukesh Kala still you will find the course right completely often for you guys again
free tutorials are always available on the channel as well have not seen orchestrator till this part
right we are just doing all this stuff right so let's try to do something very simple right so
I will just go in a step by step and this is our studio okay I create a new process today and let's
call it let's say business critical process okay so so we have created a business critical process
which is you know a good process where I am doing the development I have used the UI automation I
have done a lot of coding everything I have done here right so assuming that this is my automation
so what I'm going to do is I'll just use some right line where I say that this is the starting point
okay and then maybe I'll just use some log message activity
yeah by the way this right line right whatever we see right line this is only available
till development if you want to log something you need to use this activity which is called log
message so right line is more only for the during the development yeah yeah so if you actually
want to log something you have this thing which is called the log message activity right we'll
talk about this but yeah this is the code maybe something something and then
okay so for example I have written a very long piece of code right which is a very business
critical process as of now it is running on my development machine and it's ready okay so the
development the developer has completed the testing right now this machine whatever you are seeing
right so this machine is a developer machine okay okay whatever you are looking on my screen right
bookish is the developer okay now I'm building it for a customer who is maybe located in Canada
but this as of now is available into my machine if the customer from Canada has to actually execute it
right right one way is that I share him my code right I just copy paste the code in his machine he
open it and he runs it right but that is not the ideal way of doing it right the other thing is
I have the developer this is my customer this is my production environment right before
actually giving to the production I would need to test it also right yeah that would be the testing team
which will actually test my code but now since it is on the developer machine if I give the code
as it is right this code to the testing team to test what would happen I can I have one copy
the testing team has a separate copy and the guy in the production have a separate copy
okay so whatever the testing team is raising the issue I may fix it I may not fix it right
so basically passing the code is not a correct solution right so first thing is whatever the developer
does is in the development machine now if I have to actually run it on the customer machine
as of now when I go here and I run this automation if I just go here and I say run the file you would
notice that it is running on my machine it is running on Mukesh computer right it is running on
my your path assistant but when the customer is running it do I know which machine he's going to use
I don't know right yeah I also don't know how many robots they have
they have attended robot they have unattended robot
I also don't know what time they want to run it right what time they want to run they want to
run it at 10 a.m 9 p.m all of this information is planned for me and as a developer I don't have
access to their environment I only have access to my development environment right so if my development
environment is let's just starting here this is only where I have access to my development environment
I don't have access to the other environment we'll talk about that why we don't have access to
the other environments but this is how the current situation is right my customer is in Canada
is production I don't know what is happening to happen so basically if you see I need something to
manage this which machine which robot work time they want and all of their stuff that's where
orchestrator come in picture right so let's quickly try to see where actually it fits into our
complete thing right so you have a platform has basically three components right we have
studio where we are writing the code this you have already seen where we have actually writing all
the code and everything right and after that we have this guy which is the you have path assistant
which is actually running the automation when I triggered it it actually executed right but then
in between we need a new component which is called orchestrator that actually control manage and
monitor right so as of now when I am running the code from studio it is directly going to my
UI path assistant and it is running the automation however if I need an interface in between that
could control manage and do all this stuff I need to publish this to the orchestrator and the
orchestrator then we'll give the command to which assistant or which robot I should execute
so at a very high level whatever code we write in studio is getting published to the orchestrator
and then orchestrator decide which machine which robot which license I need to execute and then
pass it so it publish and then it execute right so this becomes kind of the central
management platform if I go by the theory this is how it looks like the orchestrator is a web-based
interface it is available on the mobile as well it also has a mobile app so it is
needed for deployment monitoring management and scaling of the robot to understand what is scaling
yeah so tomorrow if the volume increases right yes yeah yeah so that's scaling right so today I
only want to run 100 transaction tomorrow if the volume increases from 100 to 10,000 I can easily
scale so all of that is done in the orchestrator it is a centralized hub that help you to solve the
robot streamline the automation and hence orchestrator is the core platform it provides all
those capability and this can be applied to small deployment as well as enterprise scale right so
enterprise orchestrator is mandatory even for the small deployment you should actually be able to
do that okay so if I talk about the key functions robot management when I say robot it simply means
that what kind of robot I want to manage attended unattended which machine I want to run it
is it a VM is it a server is it a single machine windows machine right which process to deploy
and what time it is going to run I can there I can have 100 processes some of the processes are
running in the morning some of them are running in the evening some of them are running every five
minutes Q-based transaction will park you for a while because we have not covered Q asset management
whenever we have we are going from a different environment to environment so when I am working
into my development I have a different set of credential when I go to the testing I have a different
set of credential when I go to production this is the live credential so we need something to manage
all of this that is called asset management all of that is done in the orchestrator we have something
which is called logging and monitoring when you have a lot of transaction lots of jobs lot of robots
which are working you always need to have an audit for large companies audit is something which is
very important let's say you are working for a financial company and at the end the bank ask you
that give me all the audit logs that what the robot perform logging if it is going to help you there
monitoring take it from a person who is managing 1000 robots so you are a company matured RPA
company you have 100 robots which are working where are you going to manage all the 100 robots that
which one is failed which one is running which one is going to run are the schedule clashing what
happens you need a place that places orchestrator user roles and permission right whenever we talk
about the roles and permission not everybody would have all the access if I am the admin if I am
the support admin I have access to add the machine delete the keys at the user but if I only have a
developer I don't want to give him the admin access he would only have access to edit few of the
things if I have a support guy or a tester I would only give him a limited access so all those user
role permission everything is controlled in the orchestrator and lastly the important one whenever I
have to integrate it to other systems third party system be it the service now be it the gira anything
this is my piece which is going to connect to the RPA ecosystem to the other ID system right so
these that's why orchestrator is important right but if it scalability insights compliance and all
those stuff right any question till this point you understand it is important do you feel this is
important yeah this is very important but only one question is then if everything is getting handled
by orchestrator then why we need further level of UI path assistant then because we can provide
we can use UI path orchestrator to perform all activities and like you know manage and even though
like no but who is going to run it who is going to execute it I think you missed the first part of
our lesson so basically this is an guy who is going to run the robot execute the workflow right so
in your UI path studio here what I did I just write the code right when I run this who is going
to run this I need an exe to run this right yeah so that exe is a assistant this guy
this one okay okay okay so now this is installed in my computer that is why when I go here
and I say run the file the command goes to this guy and this guy actually runs that automation
you see I just go and say run the file you would see that here it's very fast so yeah
I can just put a break point here maybe then you would see so you see this guy is running business
critical process okay okay I was assuming that when we are just like other ID this UI path
ID is running and it is only compiling and you know executing but behind the scene it goes it gives
that thing to assistant right and who is managing that okay yeah that's what we covered in the
first lesson I think you skipped that path that's why I told you right it's if you if you don't
get the core of it you will always get confused right but I hope now it's clear right that guy is
it is just my apologies yeah no no no problem that guy is executing okay okay now let me tell you
how does it fit into the ecosystem right this slide is very very important please pay focus here
because if you understand the complete ecosystem you won't have these queries and that will help
you to further relate to the things right so what happens you have a you have a studio you write
the code okay today you have written the code and you have finished writing the code now
the developer publish the code to the orchestrator okay as of now it is in my studio now if I have to
manage it run it I have to publish the code to the orchestrator now which orchestrator that will
because if I'm a developer I have only access to the development orchestrator so it will publish the
code to the orchestrator and this is sent as an extension which is called new pkg which is called
a new package right so basically if you see here now I will try to relate this to this one so we
have this business critical process as of now this is running into my studio now if you see here my
ui path assistant which is this guy if I go to the setting and you see here this is connected to
orchestrator setting this orchestrator cloud dot ui path dot com it is connected so from my
ui path studio when I go here and I click on publish it is going to the same orchestrator where
ui path assistant is connected to so mine one is connected to this one using my id if you see here
this is connected to my tenant the orchestrator service so now if I just simply go here I say publish
I say next where do you want to publish it I will talk about this in a bit moment and then I say
publish it is going to go to my orchestrator which orchestrator whichever orchestrator I have connected
my assistant to yeah okay now in the orchestrator right let's quickly go to the orchestrator now
so to navigate to the orchestrator you have this url cloud dot ui path dot com the same url where
we downloaded the studio it is centralized place where you have everything I'll just go to these
nine dots and then you have it is the orchestrator okay so this is how the orchestrator look like
I'll just open that okay now this is the same see the orchestrator service this is the same orchestrator
which my ui path assistant is connected to so whenever you directly sign into the ui path
studio that creates an account for you and you are connected when you are working for the enterprises
or any company the company guy is going to give you this url that which orchestrator you should
connect to all you have to do is you just copy the url and you pass it into your ui path assistant
here into the preferences orchestrator setting and then you pass whatever url they have given to
you here and then you are connected to that orchestrator okay I see so now this is how the orchestrator
look like now in my orchestrator if I just go to the I'm just going to packages right these are all
the automations which I have published one minute ago see this is one minute ago I just
published eight months ago in blah blah blah right also you can see here now do you really think
orchestrator can decide whether the business critical process is supposed to run on daily basis weekly
basis which machine I should run it is it an HR process is it an which process do you think it
would be able to decide we have to provide him a providing food input like correct right we have to
provide him right so basically what happens is whenever you publish the code from
studio to orchestrator it simply goes and sit into as a package see in the tenant it is sitting
into the package right this is just a package this does not understand anything and that package
is called you get package and you PKG is the extension okay now in the orchestrator what happens
inside the orchestrator in orchestrator you have different different folders okay if you see here
this is my orchestrator I have different different folders I have an admin folder I have a shared
folder I have this folder I have this folder you can create new folders as well now if I have to ask
you why do we create folder into your local PC right you have images separate video separate your
work related separate why do you create separate folders just for better organization
right because yeah if you're working in a company you have an HR department you have a finance
department inside the finance department maybe you have a development team you have a testing team
inside the testing team you have team a team B right now at any point of time you do not want
the resources of the HR to be shared with the insurance or the resources of the client A to be shared
with the client B right so what we do is in the orchestrator we create something which is the folders
like this right I have the shared folder admin folder blah blah blah right all these folders
this new get package has to be then assigned to one of the folder okay so that it creates the process
so as of now whenever I published it is just lying into the package nobody has picked this
it does not know right that am I in the admin am I the shared am I for this or am I in this one
right so to run this you have to convert the new get into a process because as of now it is just a
code so now process is something which the guys understand and to create the process I'll go to
the admin folder right I go to the processes and then I go here and I create something which is
called add process okay so now when I say add a process this guy is asking me give me where is your
new get which package so I say that I want to create a process for the business critical process
and I just say next next and I create this so it created a process for me here business critical
process but still can it decide that whether I can run daily weekly should I run now which machine
no right we just created a process so in the orchestrator what do you do first you have a folder
then from the new get you have to create a process that process is mapped to the folder now what
is the actual task now when you actually run it that task is called a job job as the name suggests
job what job you are going to do as of now this is just a process I have all this let's say 2021
process which I have mentioned here now which process should be triggered by which robot my
orchestrator have three robots five machine that means that I need to give that job to somebody
that job it would be given to somebody which is a robot which is nothing but the assistant right
so in your production or into your company you would have multiple different machines
okay all the multiple different machines would have assistant installed and that assistant would
be available into the orchestrator so now this is just a process now if I just go to the jobs and
I want to run a process I say start a job it's asking me select the process okay which process
to run I want to run the business critical process okay then it is going to ask me
which machine you want to run it as of now I only have one machine but into your production you
might have 10 15 20 machines into that machine which account you want to run what kind of license
you want to run is a testing is it attended unattended and then when you go here and you say start
then it is saying that I have queued the process and it is pending now this would be sent to again
my UI path assistant here and if it is the same process you would see that it is yeah it is still
pending right because my license is not there see it's not able to run it I triggered it on my
process which is I triggered it to this laptop right yeah you J O V which is my different laptop
I'm in a different laptop right so that laptop is shut down so it's not able to run the process
that's why it says that I'm pending okay if I have to run this on my machine right this machine
this is my new computer right so if you see into the orchestrator if I go to the machines right
you see you have some machines which are added right but this is my old computer
now I don't have a machine which I can actually run this process if I go here these are all my old
machines I don't have this machine added so that means that that's why whenever I triggered a process
UI path is not able to run the process because that is running on the old machine and that's why
the job is still pending here so basically orchestrator is going to manage all of these tasks for
you which you can do here right so this was the ecosystem of the orchestrator now there are
something which you will listen more frequently folder package process and job right folder as you
correctly mentioned it is a separation where I want to separate my process cues we can have six
of folders packages when you publish it is coming as a new package process is something it is a
version of the package that has been allocated to a folder when you allocate that package to the
folder you create a process and job is the actual task what it is going to happen okay now
UI path has moved to the concept of the modern orchestrator in other words the tenant and the
folder right so first time whenever you log into the orchestrator you see you have the folders
my folders and then you have something which is called a tenant right a lot of people get confused
that what is tenant and what is folder okay that I'll try to explain you with some example because if
you understand it at one shot it would be very easy right think of a tenant as a company
okay there's a company let's say ABC corporation that company has three departments finance sales
and HR okay okay now the finance have different type of processes or I would say department right
payroll claim reimbursement the sales is dealing with the marketing sales and product
and the HR is dealing with employee onboarding and offer letter and all such things right now
there would be some data which would be shared among all these departments right let's say the
employee ID right the for you needed for payroll and all right but automation wise access wise
all of them would be separate now if I have to put it in a thing I would have separate folder for
finance I would have separate folder for sales and I would have separate folder for HR and these
would be all the different different automation because all of this is part of one tenant okay okay
so that's how the folder and the tenant are created and tenant you can think of as a company okay now
the other way of dividing it is a environment wise here I say that the tenant is a company right so
I am let's see you of a company and I plan to divide my company in this way I have finance I have
sales I have HR I have segregated it right now you go to a different company there they want to
segregated environment wise where they say that I have three environments development testing
and production as every company have and there they say that instead of having the one tenant
and the company I would like to have one tenant for development I would like to have one tenant
for testing I would like to have one tenant for production and into the tenant I would like
to have separate separate folders right so this can be an also way of thinking that how you can
and it entirely depends how you want to manage your companies overall architecture right do you want
to do it like this sorry my bad do you want to do it like this department wise where you have one
central company different different clients or you want to do it environment wise or any other
bifurcation right it can be something like department wise you might have two different departments
right entirely depends on your requirement now what is the difference so tenant are meant to
replicate the organizational hierarchies within the same instance of the orchestrator folders are
the subdivision of the tenant tenants are clearly isolated from one another whenever you create a
tenant you are clearly isolated from the other tenant which means that if I have a tenant which is
development testing and production three tenant so these tenant are not going to share data
between them however the folders within the same tenant can share the data
okay so tenant is more kind of at the organizational level and folder is more kind as we have in the
folder there would be some data which can always be shared between the folders okay so let me show
it to you into the orchestrator right so when you create for the first time orchestrator you would
see that I have the tenant here right so it shows that I only have one tenant okay in that tenant I
have one two three four folders okay so I have one tenant and in that tenant I have four folder that's
why you see here it is connected to that tenant see tenant which tenant it is connected to it is
connected to this tenant whose name is orchestrator service if my orchestrator has one another tenant
that's where I will change it to the other tenant into my preferences and my settings right so I
can have a tenant which is like more kind of an organization thing right so let's say I am running
a company okay and I thought of creating separate separate department one is when admin department
one is my share department one is for this department right now this is my organization level thing
and that is why if you see at the tenant okay I have a different question for you right so for
example if I am managing my company okay okay at the tenant level you would see only the things
which are more related to the management of the complete orchestrator so you would see here into the
tenant I have the machines which machines are allowed to run the automations I have the licenses
that which licenses I should have again available at the tenant level I have the manage access
I have the packages which I just discussed I have the credentials and all those stuff however if I
go to the folder at the folder level I still have the automations monitoring but I don't have the
licenses I don't have the folders I don't have the manage access and all those stuff right so tenant
is more kind of an organizational view and folder is more kind of a department view you can say
like that right so when you go to the orchestrator you would see in the tenant you would have robots
machines licenses web hooks all of it part of the tenant and in the folder you would have more
related to the folder right which is the trigger where is the queue which process which automation
all of that would be the your entity the folder entities okay so question yeah so yes I got
that tenant level it's the highest like level of like you know access and like you know for example
packages but why we are not seeing packages in folder level let's say for example if I'm creating
folder for the HR department and if I have multiple packages so shouldn't it come to the under like
you have the folder level packages also let me show it to you so that's where
it's a very valid question and I'll show you where that is getting controlled from so that's
what I told you right when you actually go here and you publish the automation right now in the
publishing option what did he ask me now orchestrator tenant feed okay do you want to send it to
orchestrator or do you want to send it to the personal feed or do you want to send it to the custom
feed right so if you see here I'll just cancel this I am connected to a orchestrator to the tenant
right in that tenant I have multiple folders right as of now which folder you want to connect so
I am connected to my workspace so for example I want to do the same automation but in the admin
folder so I can go here and I say that in that tenant now I am writing automation for the admin
folder okay so now if I go to my orchestrator and I go to the admin folder into the automation
right the business critical automation I just created so I'll just maybe remove this
I'll just delete it and show it to you how does it look like I'll just remove that
okay so into my recall into my admin folder I do not have the business critical process
yeah now when I go here and I say admin folder and now it's refreshing the resources
right and now if I go and I say publish we'll see they're okay got it
next in the publishing option I want to put it to the whatever I'm connected to I say next and I say
publish now it is getting published to the this admin folder okay and then I can just say add
the process business critical process and then all the stuff right so you can decide which folder
you want to actually publish and share right previously into the in the old version right you had
that packages available and into the folder level as well and if I just go to here see when you
publish anything to the personal workspace go to the packages see here folder packages
into the automation you have something which is called the folder packages these are at the
folder level so if you if I have to just show it to you again so as of now this is male Mukesh
Kala converted right this is my old you see I don't have any folder package here right now if
I just go here and I change this to the converted workspace and then if I just go and I say publish
okay and in the publishing option it's the same thing I say next and I say publish now into your
here as of now you only see two I'll just hit a quick refresh and tick tick tick tick tick
see okay got it okay so that is you and the same same would be a tenant level as well right yeah
because we just published to the tenant level right so now it depends on your requirement do you
want to post the packages at the tenant level or you want to keep it at the folder level
so whatever you publish at the tenant level would be accessible all to the folders whatever you
are publishing to the folder would be accessible only to the folder right parent
cellulations yeah yeah okay got it okay so that is about the orchestrator and tick tick tick
rolls yeah this is something which we have to discuss in more detail okay so we have
so now you can go to the orchestrator and you have all this stuff right a folder level at the
folder level I have processes assets storage buckets queues and triggers now there are different
different roles which are available okay so each role has a different thing so a tenant administrator
would be at the tenant level folder administrator at the folder level allowed to be automation user
so basically depending on your level which level you are whether you are at the tenant level
and the folder level you would have different level of roles so these are the roles so basically
and one company right I can have two administrator okay so these are the roles so as we have the
roles in Azure right whoever is assigned to the role of developer will have access to all these
assets whosoever is defined a role of automation user have an access to run the automation all
of that can be controlled into the orchestrator by default orchestrator has these roles which are
available right but recently your path has come up with the updated roles so depending on which
version of orchestrator you are actually using you might have a different set of roles but the whole
idea here is the way the roles and accesses work is your path has the default I would say roles
which are defined and then you add the users to that role so for example today I want to make you
the admin I will add you to the tenant admin role I want you to have access to run the automation
I will add you to this role okay and then your path keeps on updating this depending on your
and this is where it is available at the tenant level if you see into the manage access you have the
roles right so if I just go here into the tenant you have the manage access right you have the access
group admin and all as of now the admin if I just go here and say check the access it will show
that what all access the admin have right all the admin related stuff right which are the groups which
are available what are the users as of now I only have one user who is Mukesh who is having all
these roles so I can see here I have all these roles I can define him a new role I can remove the
new role I can remove the admin right all of that is controlled from the orchestrator right and the
roles are actually defined to what access you want to have so each permission can have view edit create
delete right so you can have different roles right so and and so you have roles and you have those
categories and then last thing for today is you have something which is called personal workspace
okay as the name suggests a lot of the time I as a developer I am writing small small automation
for myself which I don't want to share with anybody personal workspace right personal automations
which I don't want to share it to anybody right so what it does it you have something which is called
this is my email id this is my personal workspace okay and into the orchestrator you would see here
this is my workspace my workspace so these are the processes which I have just done for my and
right take a screenshot right I have created a process to take a screenshot I don't want it to
push it to my client or the customer or to the tenant right so all of that you can manage into
something which is called your personal workspace which is by default created my workspace
okay so it would be available directly here as well to your personal workspace right and what
actually it does it personal workspace simplify the process of implementing for your personal robot
this enables to such as record keeping transparency possibility of future utilization you created
something which you just want to hold it for yourself you can do all of this within the personal
workspace you will find the package feed machine template resources job assets whatever you want
to do for your personal thing you can keep it into the personal workspace right so that was the
level one of the orchestrator okay so personal workspace personal workspace processes are usually
it is a parent-child relationship and whatever is in the folder we can see through tenant but
this personal workspace folder yes that process we won't be seeing in tenant level right yes exactly
so this is something like you created something for you know your own stuff you don't want to share
it to anybody right there you can actually create this stuff right so this is the personal workspace
for you okay and yeah and then we have the other yeah good good sorry yeah sorry second is like
if I want to check my access so then I should be going to tenant manage access and that's well
like you know under my name I can see like you know what access whether I made mean or whether I
am assigned yeah so I have my manage access these are my users right so this is Mukesh I can go
here and I can say check access and you have the edit access as well I am the admin so I have all the
access so check access so it shows that I am the admin in the admin what all I can do these are all
the access I have right so someday let's say if I'm not able to edit the room what that means
that somebody have removed this from here right so we create really delivered same like any platform
have this is the same concept right but the thing is it's a little different then you have the
robot accounts user which group so you create the user into the group and then you define the
permission on the group you add user to the group so all of that policies are applied to them okay
okay okay so this is the level one of our what you call this is the level one of our
orchestrator right where I just gave you the core concept right at a very high level how does
it work the next level of the orchestrator would be where we would be actually going into deep
that how does the job works how you deploy it how do you create a process how do you run it all of
that we would be seeing in the different I would say different tutorial okay and I have also
I think I created some okay yeah so I had I would do I say I had a collaboration with I think
graphy I guess yeah with an academy I had a collaboration long back right where I created a course
for orchestrator but I think now it's posted to you dummy let me quickly check here it is yeah I
got it on you dummy right so this is a course created on you dummy okay so this whatever you see
here right this is all covered into the orchestrator which I have covered into you dummy and as of
now I think it's very cheap here so I don't know because of the new year and all this is a
copied course right but before you go there I don't have coupons otherwise I could have shared it
to you right but as of now I don't have any coupons right so this is a course on you dummy which I
have uploaded right if you are interested to you know go into more deep on orchestrator you feel free
to go through this and the source cover all of this whatever you see on the screen can I take
the screenshot of the name actually so because I think I might have you because we were given like
you know you don't make it from company so I think I should be able to yeah so maybe in you dummy
if you just go and search Mukesh Kala I just I just recently started because previously it was
on a different platform but now it's on a different platform so I just they keep on changing the
platform right so yeah because I have this you dummy access from the company so I can definitely
be able to access you can just search Mukesh Kala and you will get this and it is that comprehensive
course which I created just to you know understanding tenant how do you create the tenant what is
unattended automation how do you manage the access what are folders because in this sessions right
we are just touching the basics but if you want to deep dive right into each and everything this
will definitely help you yeah okay so now I believe you guys have a fair understanding of this
Uipad platform as a whole and now it's a right time for me to introduce you to the lifecycle of
project which means that how does the project move from development to testing to pre-prod to
prod what are the different tools involved how the journey of the project take place and how are
the different components of Uipad are involved right so in this one we are going to talk about the
lifecycle now today I'm going to explain you how does life cycle look like right this life cycle is
that how does a developer start from developing the code then to pushing in the orchestrator how it
runs from the orchestrator attended unattended how do you fix the code how do you test the code right
that complete life cycle we'll try to see right with a very basic process and I'll just try to give
you that how does this actually looks like right in a real time automation on a real time thing right
so first thing first right so this is our orchestrator okay and there are two kind of licenses so
if I go to this nine dots and I go to the admin okay this is more or less same with your enterprise
or any of your account and then you go to the respective tenant and then you would have something
which is called licenses okay so Uipad has different kind of licenses so at this moment if you can
see I am having production unattended license okay and in my tenant I have a testing license this
is my Uipad community I need to add more licenses I can go here right so as you can see you have all
these different kind of licenses which are available for enterprise trial testing licenses production
unattended concept is simple if I want to run anything in my when my machine is logged when I say
when I say lock I don't mean shut down I mean windows plus L right which is log machine if it is
shut down then it's shut down right you cannot run anything but Uipad automation has a capability
even to run when the machine is in log state right like servers you don't keep the server open right
every time so for that you require an unattended license so in your community account you get one
unattended license and some of these testing right so first of all you need to understand at whatever
project we are developing today is it an attended automation or is it an unattended automation okay
unattended automation will run with the help of unattended robot it will be scheduled from the
orchestrator and run at a specific time however the attended automation would be something like this
it would be available into the this is our guy Uipad assistant right and you the person will come
he will just come and run at the specific time whenever he wants to run right he would have a
list of automation in the Uipad assistant whenever they want to run they can run it on ad hoc basis
okay so attended automation are sitting here an unattended automation are sitting on the orchestrator
but you need an unattended license okay now the process is exactly the same so for example today
I'm writing an automation okay this is my Uipad studio I have started out with the blank I don't have
anything okay so I go here and I just write an automation let's say this I'll just say log message
activity info and then I say this is first activity okay okay I think I'll just create a new one
maybe I'll create a blank process we will call this as orchestrator demo because I already created
the sample process right so I just create a new process and this is a developer who has started
doing the development and he has a lot of task to do right so the first task is he has to let's say
log into an automation log into a portal do some of the automation so I just say this is
this first activity okay and then after that he does a lot of automation same like I'm doing
this is the last activity right something something automation he has done into is workflow right
and today as a developer I completed my automation now when this is automation is running this is
if I just go here and I run it run the file you will notice that this is running on my machine
Mukesh computer this guy triggered it right you notice when I just go here and I run the file
this is running on my machine it completed and I got the output right now if I have to send it
to the testing team or if I have to send it to the client or the customer it should not run on my
machine right Jita is a guy who is from testing team okay now would you trust the results which
are on my machine or not you trust right you would run it on your machine your environment right
so what does happen the developer is going to push this to orchestrator okay so now if you would see
here I have all these development folders right I have shared and all these folders which are
available into my orchestrator which is this right so now in most of the company you have same
orchestrator you remember we can have different different folders here testing and all and in
some other companies this tenant itself would be different right so somebody would actually
deploy the automation into the orchestrator for the testers for the QA and all right how does
that happen so to deploy the automation you just go to the UAPA studio and you see here
it's asking me which folder you want to send the automation right so I am trying to send it to
my shared folder I go to the top and I say publish and now this is the name of the package
version is important right same like we do version of the files this is the package version
you can always change it and then I say next then there is something which is called
publish option it is asking me you are connected to an orchestrator how it is connected again
I'll just repeat this is connected with the UAPA the assistant right whichever UAPA the assistant
you will connect in the orchestrator setting it will go to that orchestrator right in
today's world we have a lot of orchestrators so I just give my orchestrator here right and then
in the orchestrator do you want to go to the tenant feed or to the personal workspace right
remember in our last session we talked about the personal workspace if it is something my personal
I would select here personal otherwise I would just put it to the tenant feed right say next
and I say publish okay this project is published to the orchestrator as of now it is in the
development orchestrator right so how the developer can run it from the orchestrator and the same
way I am running as a developer you can also think it you can run it from the production or the
other machines as well right orchestrator exactly the same look and feel right now I published the
package in the tenant it is just sitting as a package here orchestrator demo right
sorry yeah can you just little bit elaborate like you know help explain this tenant actually
what exit tenant pings one instance right we are referring here or like you know one license
tenant is a orchestrator license one tenant I think in the last session right we covered that
what exactly is a tenant versus folder right you remember that yeah so one tenant can have
multiple folders like you know to work with so for example yes if I am and the person I am one tenant
my license is one tenant right so the tenant can be divided into multiple different ways let me see if I can
find that so if I am having unattended license versus attended like you know two licenses for one
is for fraud and one is for fraud would I be considered two tenants or one tenant only
no no one tenant only in one tenant you would have all these licenses so if I go back here into the
admin section and in the complete organization right this is my company to do rails by Magesh Kala
in my company I have multi can have multiple tenants so in my default tenant I have these licenses
okay understood okay okay so one company can have multiple different tenant tenant can be segregated
environment wise like one tenant production or department wise right so that is that it depends
on how do you want to do that okay okay so can it be can it be configured user wise example for
example we have four users so one but for tenant per user or it's not why would you like to have
tenant wise right if it is user right so what would be the use case why would you like to do that
so individual is having individual license right so
individual licenses for example let's say I have test him team so I have four people in the
testing team so isn't it advisable to create each everyone stand and then assign them license or
assign the tenant a license and whenever whoever wants to work they will work on that tenant
it is like you know more advisable no see tenant is just to segregate the data right are all your
four resources are they doing on entirely four different projects which are confidential of one
another no right no so then all of that four would be part of the same tenant only and you can
provide them four different licenses so same like if you see here as of now I have one license
if I go to see more this license is allocated to this machine right so you would have four licenses
in the same tenant and the four license would be allocated to the four developers
in the same tenant and understood okay okay got it so now so now in my tenant right I just
publish that nugget package okay so into my tenant that package is just sitting here
like this right now this guy does not understand whether I am an attended process
or sorry this does not understand that which machine I have to execute right as you mentioned
that your company has four developers right four developers has four different machine
how this guy is going to decide whether I am going to run as an 6am 9am 10pm in which machine I
have to work and so on and so forth right so how does the setup actually work so first thing first
if I am the admin of this tenant right first thing I go and I go to machines right so I added all the
machines which are capable of running the automation so if I go to my CMD right command prompt
this is my CMD okay and if I just search here who I this is showing me this machine desktop
and this is the user whose name is Mukesh right this is my computer so what I have done is I have
added my computer here okay how do I do that you just go here and you add a machine
okay you just provide the machine name so let's say I am adding a machine let's say machine ABC
right I'm just making it out right so there is a machine which is machine ABC now I am trying to
add a machine to this now this machine is asking now you are path is asking me that okay you are
adding a machine in that machine what type of automations you want to run unattended automation
testing automation or what right so let's say today I want to do testing automation so I just say
that okay I will run testing automation and I'll run the unattended automations as well right okay
and how many licenses you want to allocate to them and you just go and you say provision right so
now this machine ABC is owned by a different user right you are the owner of that machine
okay I have just added the machine here right now if I trigger the automation do you think it would
really go and trigger in your assistant into your your path assistant no whatever the machine name
we are providing here no but even if let's say the machine is correct right how have you authorized it
you have not authorized it right if let's say I come to your machine and I know that your machine name
is let's say jethal PC and I just come here and I write jethal PC right and I close it then would
anybody in the world be able to trigger automation in your machine now it has to connect with my machine
at least you have to authenticate right yes how does this authentication happen so as of now I have
just added the machine and you can add any number of machine in the orchestrator right now actually
if you want to run that then you have to go to that machine you have a orchestrator okay into the
assistant and then you go to the preferences and then you go to the orchestrator setting and you
provide the client ID and the client secret so for this machine ABC if I go here and I say edit the
machine it has given me the client ID and the machine case so now in whichever machine I just copy it
and I provide this into whichever machine it would be able to connect connected and license to
orchestrator right so that way it works so let's say you are setting up an orchestrator you are
working in a company your company got five brand new computers right and you decide that we are
going to run automation on this five machine so what will you do you will add all the five machine
like this allocate all the five machine licenses and then you will just get the client secret go to the
you have a the assistant of those machine provide it and then connect it so that way all those
machines would be available for you to run the automations any questions can I I client ID and one
client ID and secret to multiple assistant or it has to be one to one only it's it's one to one
it's one to one okay understand okay right and then you have something which is called high density
robots which is like a server machine where one server have multiple different kind of architecture
right so that all is in for related that we can discuss some other type right but as of now one
client secret for one machine okay so you have got machine right so I am the admin of this tenant
I went to market I got five machine I added all the five machines here right I had all the licenses
now in my tenant I have different different folders okay now I go to this again all the machine do
you think that all the machine should be available to all the different folders or we need to still
have segregation because if let's say there are four users or five users right and one user is
running multiple processes on all the four machines so that means that your segregation has to
also happen on the machine that which folder can use which machine right so this is my desktop
this is my personal computer if I go here and I say edit you would see that I have told that this
machine is going to run in unattended mode right and these are the settings which I have given
to this machine right now to specifically add it to the folder I'll go to this folder which is the
shared folder and if you see here in the machines I have allocated that machine okay and then I say
manage machines in the folder which all machines you want to use right so as of now I have just
use this machine so now which means that if you go to the shared folder any automation which is in
this shared folder can run only on one machine this machine yeah get it though in my parent
I have 10 machine 20 machine but I have given only one machine to this folder okay yeah got it
so I went to the tenant I got machines I added allocated the licenses and all those licenses are
managed at the tenant level and then the tenant decided which machine should be allocated to which
folder three machines for HR two machines for insurance one machine for banking right now in that
folder when I was publishing I just published the package now still that does not know right that
package does not know whether I have to run on this machine which folder all of that has to be
decided right so as of now we have just published and you get package now to create a package out
of the process you go to the processes and then there is a button which is add process
straightforward step right it is asking me which package so my package is orchestrated demo right
that's the package yeah and then it is asking me the version I say next and I say next and I just
go here and I create it right that's it I did nothing and I just close it so now this is now created
as a process now this process still does not know right whether so this understand that okay I am
a process I have to be working in the shared folder but again in the shared folder I can have
multiple machines right now when the process is created you can directly run the process by going
to the jobs right remember our initial discussion that how does this cycle happen you create the
process from the process you go and you create jobs at any point of time if you run to run a
process you go to jobs and you say start yeah now it is asking me which process you want to run
I want to run this process now it's showing me which machine okay I have only one machine
though in the tenant I have added two machine right but in the shared folder we have only given one
machine to this machine which robot which machine into that machine you might have multiple accounts
which account and then what is the host name and all right but you can also selected from there
and if I just go back and I say leave the page you also has an option to run the process on any user
account which is connected or any machine which is connected okay so if you also have an option
right so any machine whichever machine is available it will find and it will run but that machine has
to be assigned to that specific folder and it should be available right and then I just say start
and then you would see that this process is now running right and since this is connected here
you would see that process running here job started processing so now this job is running
from orchestrator see orchestrator demo running and it completed now in the jobs I can see that this
was started as a manual right I manually started it and you can see all these details everything
whatever we have done right now this is to just to test that yes the connection is working and
everything right now in a real time environment you actually schedule the automations right so I
tested this it is working fine I tested it exported the logs everything done in an actual real time
customer environment you have a requirement right it's an unattended robot so you want to run it
at daily 5 pm weekly and all those that part is called triggers right as the name suggests trigger
it's like setting up an alarm it's very easy right add a new trigger
it's asking me what do you want to call the trigger right so I just say this is my sample trigger
right now which process you want to trigger I want to trigger this process orchestrator demo
then it's asking me where what time zone are you in right because people can have in different
times right so I mean UTC plus 530 then what is the frequency every minute early daily weekly
blah blah blah so let's say I want to run it on let's say weekly basis so on which days of the week
at what time right if you want to run it on let's say monthly then it will show you the calendar
on what days right same like setting up an alarm right so there you can actually go and do all
these stuff right but now there comes a important and I would say interesting stuff which is like this
so I have to run a robot which I have to run daily on let's say 5 pm ISD
okay so I can I have an option here I just go and I say daily repeat at what time and it gives me
right I have an automation which I want to run on Monday Tuesday and Friday at 10 am okay that also
work then I have an automation which I want to run on first day of the month right okay so if I go
here I can see monthly and I can just select for which day of the month I want to run it on specific
Mondays and all of that is taken care by you about for us right but now this was working all
perfectly everybody was happy now suddenly one day some people came and say that okay I want to run the
process only on Monday use day okay something like that they say that I want to run the
process on first second third and 25th okay of the month okay and maybe somebody just say that I
want to run it on only second second Tuesday and 5th of Friday okay right so now second
Tuesday and 5th Friday how do I do that right so if you go weekly it's asking you okay Friday
but it's not giving you an option of second Friday right because it's weekly yeah yeah so this
becomes tricky right that's why you have something which is called advance okay so in the
advance idling you are supposed to write the crown expression okay so you can actually write
crown expression here something like this which is shown here it's very easy you can go to internet
and get the crown expression right I have created dedicated videos on crown expression you would
find it on the channel and the course I referred you on the orchestrator there also it is there
right so crown is simply an expression you can just go to internet and you can just say
something like this crown maker this is additional knowledge I'm just giving you FI so you can
just go to internet and look for crown maker okay it's not working let's go to some other
site to take maybe this one right and then whatever you want to give you can specify the
condition here and you can use and then you get this you copy this and you paste it back here
and then we'll create the crown expression for you okay so basically your appath has given you
all this option to schedule the processing right automation for example today I want to run the
automation every minute okay right and repeat after five minutes four minutes so I say that I want
to run this automation every three minutes repeat after three minutes and I want to run it on
orchestrator demo on which machine all of that still available here right because this is asking me
you're trying to run this process every minute on which machine so this is my client customer
environment I'm just going here and saying that I'm going to run it on this machine whichever
machine is connected you can think it off as a developer running his automation every minute on
his machine right so that's why the segregation is important if I give all the machine access to
everybody I'll just add your machine in this drop down I'll keep you're running my automation
and your machine you're not able to do anything right so that's why that segregation is important
right so what this scheduling is asking this scheduling is asking me okay you have this name
you have the process you are going to run it on this time zone every three minutes if you want to
do advance you can do the advance scheduling also and all of that is done and then you just add it
so what I have done I have created a trigger it says that I'm going to run in next 59 seconds
right so now if you go when this triggers as of now if you can see the last job was six minutes ago
and now I have set up a trigger who is going to run it for the six seconds right so now
think it off and a machine which is in a log state unattended automation you have deployed it
so it was last trigger seven minutes ago as soon as this time is hit in 36 seconds it is going to
automatically run the process right and I don't have to do actually anything right so what we have
just done now is we have should do then unattended automation to run every minute right in the jobs
you can see still we have two in the triggers it says it's going to run in 18 seconds right
so in 18 seconds you would automatically see here one process automatically running right and
if in case I log this machine also right if I do a windows L then also this automation will run
because this is an unattended automation right so see it automatically triggered
job has started the processing it was it's whatever it was supposed to do and then
it says that next run is in one minute ago right and then if you go to the jobs you would see
last time it was manual but this time it is coming from a sample trigger right the name of the
trigger right so in the trigger you have this is again running in two minutes right because we told
it to do it right at any point of time if you want to enable disable you can disable it you can
delete it all those options are available for you right and now in the jobs you have all these jobs
which has an orchestrator admin I can see that okay this guy triggered this automation this automation
this was triggered automatically and all these things right and to verify that what this automation
has done right because this is running in client environment I don't have access to the VM that's
where we go to these three dots and we say with the logs so it says that the this is the the
orchestrator started then it went to the first activity then it went to the last activity right and
this is coming from here log message activity so these are the best practices which we follow
that whenever we write automations we add log messages so when we are actually monitoring the
automation right we can see right because you don't have access to see what the automation is
doing in the real time so that's why you add logs and all these details right yeah okay I'll take
a pause if you have any questions so can we conclude like trigger is equal to like you know
united end robots right so we need to have a specific license for yes in order to
develop correct correct and triggers are of multiple types this one we said is a time trigger right
that based on the time we trigger it right time trigger you have other three kinds of trigger queue
trigger right queue triggers you understand the concept of queue yes programming right so queue
is like you have multiple transactions you want to add it can be simply like your processing
bank and you receive 1000 credit card applications right so 1000 credit card application but you are
not sure at what point they are coming so you can write an automation which says that as soon as
the credit card is added to the queue trigger this process yes okay so that's a few trigger so in
the queue trigger is exactly the same the only thing it's going to ask you is that which queue
and which process right yes so you can create a queue the automation will add items to the queue
as soon as the item is added to the queue it will trigger the queue based automation right so
if you really want to build a process on queue triggers and queue transactions right so on my
channel you would see end-to-end use cases which are like three hours long videos so you have to
dedicate time and then you would be able to run queue based triggers and all right but for
information we have time information time triggers queue triggers we have event based triggers right
this is coming from integration services event based triggers are something like
run and automation as soon as the email is arrived yeah okay as soon as there is a chat in your
zoom which says high support team run this process do this right event event can be anything it
can be a email arrived a new ticket logged in the Zira run the process right as soon as a new
ticket is created with a p3 priority run the process all of that is event based triggers and lastly
API triggers whenever you want to trigger with the help of APIs you have API's triggers right
so four kind of triggers we have and the last tab is logs which shows you everything whichever
is happening in your orchestrator or in your machine okay okay so this is your automation and all
these stuff right now the other thing which you should know is how do you update right so for
example you have this automation which is running happy now you got a change okay so the developer
got a defect you as a testing team raised defect the developer got some defect there is some enhancement
right now what happens so the developer is back to his you have a studio he found some bug and he
let's say fixed it right so he added more code and he just say that I fixed the code okay so they
fixed the code into the development environment into his development but still now you would see
that this sky what is the significance of version right that you will understand now as of now this
is still with the developer so the developer go ahead and say publish and now the new version is
1.0.2 yes right publish now the orchestrator is not going to take any decision on its behalf
you have to tell because the orchestrator does not know that the new version might have errors right
so you as a developer has to tell orchestrator that hey you have to run on this process but the good
part what orchestrator does is if you see the process is as of now I have not refreshed so it's not
swing but as soon as I refresh the page you would see it will show there that hey there is a blue color
icon which is that updates are available so it is green means that it is running on the latest version
this blue indicates that yes I am running on 1.0.1 but I have one update available now if you
want to run on that you would explicitly can go to these three dots edit it and here you have
all the option to run it on the latest version and I say update and now it will run on the new
version so now when I run this I will get that message but let's say you updated and then you
figure out that there is a huge major bug right and the complete function it is broken you can
just go here edit it and rollback confirm orchestrator take care of all these things right has been updated
to this latest version and I say next and I say whatever right so you have option to change
it right to back and then you can update it to the latest version as well right so that is how
you update the stuff okay so that was the next thing which you should know about the orchestrator
okay yeah understood yes okay so that cover your process apps and all apps is a different game all
together we'll talk about it sometime later the other thing is monitoring as the name suggests
it's going to you can monitor right what are the machine processes cues SLS this would be important
for you whenever you are working in a support then SLA is important SLA service level agreement
some processes have SLA right that this has to complete by 9 AM this has to complete by 10 PM
orchestrator has an option to manage the SLS it will show you that if there is a beach a breach
SLA breach what is the average handling time whatever you require to have SLS it will actually
going to sue you show you here right so this is mostly used by the support person who are monitoring
the SLS okay now the next type is cues which is again orchestrator cues you can create
edit modify all the cues here and then there is something which is called assets right very important
and which you're going to utilize a lot of times right let me ask you a question so for example
I am doing the development okay in my development here I have to read a data from a folder
right now okay in my and the client says that the folder path in my development the folder path is
something like this decolon data slash Mukesh right embedded inside the folder into my project
right okay now if I go and if I publish is as it is and if I run it from the orchestrator on client
machine do you think this automation will work no because it's your machine's path it's my machine
path right yeah yes other scenario right when I am doing the development when I log into the machine
okay log into any environment when I log into let's say the application or I log into the database
or I log into the gira right I'm using my username which is Mukesh and my password which is let's say
password 1 2 3 something right yeah so to log in I have used my credential something like this
I am putting into log messages but you can relate it right now this is I am using my username
and my password now if I run this on client machine client environment will it work no no right so
that is that different environment needs to have different different values okay now the other
thing is sharing of the credentials if I ask you that if I ask the client right okay give me your
password I'm going to save it so one way to solve this was before I go to the password one way
to solve is this the developer actually create something which is called a config file okay you
understand what is a config file yes yes right so developers create something which is called a
config file they give excel file to the people and they say that okay go ahead and update your path
and everything they read the excel here and then this continues right so what happens is this guy
is stored in a floatpad or in an excel file and then they can change right so for example
we had this config file it is a part of robotics enterprise framework by the way right so again
so let's say I gave this file to the customer and I asked him that this is my config file and once you
run it you just go and update the path here and then I read this file here into this automation
and it works seamlessly right yes working fine right now whatever the password can I ask the client
to put the password into the node pad or into the excel it's not a good practice no I can see
the password right yeah it's not a good practice that's where to manage all of these things we have
something which is called assets okay what is asset I go to asset there are four kinds of
asset text boolean integer and credential okay text as the name suggests you can store text so
for example today I want to store a path I created an asset path and I give it a value called
decolon data okay asset is created with a path today I want to do a password so I created let's say
credentials maybe I can just go something like portal credentials okay and then I will use
credentials and I will use my username called Mukesh and password is let's say password and I
created it right so this is my developer environment as a developer I do this right now into my
UI path studio what I will do is okay I will just refer those assets yes that the same like
is a variable right yes and then into my orchestra sorry into my UI path studio this is by the
way the new in US feature right you can see all these assets here whenever I have to use the
credential I'll just use this credential like this drag and drop okay and like this and it's
asking me what do you want to go I want to get the credentials right so now it will get me the
credential into this without me actually giving the password it will just create the variable username
and password right because it's a secret thing right so get credential will go to the orchestra
fetch the password for you and you would be able to write it use it in your automation now
the good part is in future if the password changes since I just created it even I cannot access it
again see if I go here and I say edit see I just added my password right security as 356 encryption
once you created an asset you also cannot see the password all you can do is update it
okay right so now once we move to the client or the customer environment what we tell the customer
we tell the customer that go to the orchestrator or the support team out there create this guy create
this guy and into this put your credential okay now if they put their credential and in the code
it's already referring to that credential that's it so we are asking them to create new assets
or update the asset what what we have created already now this asset is in my development environment
this is my orchestrator client would have their own orchestrator so whenever we deploy a process
we give them a handbook we say that if you want to run the process into the folder where you
deploy this process you need to have these two assets this asset would be of type text this
asset would be of type credential and you need to store your credential understood okay run book
let's expect this is again right how do you deploy and all those things so that is again the part
of managing the orchestrator but this is what asset does right so basically now at any point of
time if this path changes from decolon data to something else this is text that's why we are
able to see credentials we are not able to see right this I can edit at any point of time so
let's say tomorrow instead of deep data I just want to run it at e data this will run with that
value right and I do not have to change anything into the automation right because that is
something from here so this is the assets right so yeah that's asset orchestrator is a very huge
topic right we can have unlimited sessions on it right before at your level at a high level you
should know that yes there is something which is there right and for the detail I think I already
told you the course right you can refer that and it has everything it will take some time but yeah
it has the things it will take you some time but eventually we'll get there right and then
we have something which is called storage buckets okay storage bucket it just to store azure s3
I hope you understood it now right so these are the kind of the data storage cloud thing right so
for example today I want to store something on my orchestrator I can actually go and store in the
orchestrator database I can use it in azure I can use it in amazon s3 right so all these are
different different buckets and this is asking for where you want to store the data right so
storage buckets is also part of orchestrator and then lastly you have something which is called
settings which users and all you want to manage so if you see here it says that Mukesh is a user
mm-hmm he is having an unattended robot right all of this you can control right and then in the
shared folder you have one machine if you want to add more machines you can manage machine in the
folder right it will take you I would say only some time to get look and feel and customization of
this if you do it once you would be very used to it right so it looks like a little complex in the
first but eventually when you keep coming to orchestrator again and again right you would understand
that how all of these thing work right so that was the high level on the orchestrator that how does
it work you have tenant you have folders in the folders you have processes use asset storage buckets
all of that is managed in the orchestrator right and to know more you can again watch the videos
on the youtube channel or you can also take the uDemi course which I share okay yeah sure okay so
that was the last module into our bootcamp slash crash course that how does the lifecycle work
and I believe now some of you might have got what you actually wanted if that is not the case
feel free to write me a message email happy to clarify your doubts as well now some of you might
be interested to learn more about this technology that's where I'm going to show you what are the
next steps for you as a beginner right so on to my screen you see this is my channel which is
tutorials by Mukesh Kalah where you are checking this bootcamp right in this you have something which
is called UI path beginner start here so these are the step by step tutorials which are covered okay
now in case if you are someone who is more comfortable in Hindi the same thing is also available in Hindi
as well this is the beginner playlist and then I have also created some of the use cases then
there are DU then there are mock interviews and then there are a lot of stuff now you might be
thinking Mukesh this is overwhelming how can I know a step by step roadmap and I got you for
that so for that I have got a website which is called Mukesh Kalah.com that is my personal website
into that if you go to the download section which is here at the top okay and then if you scroll
down by the way this is all the material which I have taught into my YouTube channel right so if you
scroll down at the bottom you would have something which is called roadmap for an API developer if I
click on that download the file right it will actually download a step by step roadmap for you
and there it is right so this roadmap consists of the tutorials both from my channel from the
official you have at the academy it also talk about the certification what are the steps you need
to know that such as robotic centralized framework is very important or a stator is very important
then how do you start with POC industry use cases what are the other things which are optional
how do you integrate AI and integration services autopilot generative AI and then we are also
talking about how do you get certified right so this is a complete roadmap guys you you can follow
and become a better beginner to advance your part developer right so with that I would wrap
this video here thank you so much for watching and giving so much time for this content and
patiently being continuing till this point if you are able to follow this till this point maybe just
comment down completed successfully and I understand that people really like the content I will appreciate
a feedback on this content any question feedback question queries you have you can put it in the
comments or you can also write me an email as well right I hope you like this content if that is the
case make sure to subscribe to the channel and see you in the next one thank you for watching and
happy automation bye