Hi everyone, welcome back to the playlist of the RPA best practices series and today
we are discussing something about the hard coding.
Let us take an example, for example I am writing an automation where I have to read something
from an excel.
So, usually I go and take an excel application scope, we will pass the path of the excel
where we have to read the data.
Next let us say I have to read the data from some sheet, so I go and I take a read range
and then we read the data that is one scenario.
Consider one more automation where you have to go and you just have to log into a website.
So, what we usually do, we take an activity called open browser, we drag and drop it here,
we provide the URL something like let us say gmail.com.
And then to log into the browser, I have to provide the credential, so we usually use
an activity called get credentials.
In the get credential, we provide the name of the asset, what is the asset name, orchestrator
folder, what is the asset name, let us say my asset name is gmail and then we do the next
set of operations.
Now what is the best practice and what is wrong with this automation?
The first thing first, you have to always think what happens, if I publish this automation
to the orchestrator and the file is not available at d data excel file.
Mukesh has a folder of d data excel file, but the client or the customer you are giving,
the customer do not have the d data and the excel file, what would happen, the automation
will break and always you have a rework of changing all these bits.
The second thing what might happen, the location is available, but the sheet name is different.
Same thing goes for the open browser, today the URL is gmail.com, tomorrow let us say
the URL changes something like this gmail.com backslash login, you do not want to rework
on your automation again and again, so what is the best practice, the best practice is all
these things such as the name, the sheet name, the URL or even the name of the asset should
not be hard coded in the workflow.
Now the question arises, if I do not hard code it, where should I put this files?
The answer to that question is a config file, whenever you are working on a real time automation
you have to make your automation configurable.
Now when I say config file, the best example is the robotic enterprise framework config file.
You can also keep this value in assets.
You can create your own config file in JSON, but the overall idea is that the thing should
be made configurable, there should be no hard coding of anything in your workflow.
You have to think it just like this, that let us say I am writing this automation, what
happens in future, this sheet name changes.
Then you would have to change the complete automation, but if you put the things in a config
file, you would actually be able to accommodate the change by just changing the configuration
file.
It might sound a hectic task, but yes, that is the best practice and that save you a lot
of time when there is a change which comes to the automation.
So best practice for today is that we are not hard coding anything in the automation.
Everything should be configurable.
When we talk about the configuration file, it is not always necessary that you need to
have a project in RIF framework.
You can use a config file in a sequence or a flowchart as well.
Now in case you are new to UIPa development and you do not know how can I use a config
in a sequence or a flowchart, I would recommend you to watch this video where I am explaining
all these details in a step-by-step manner.
So that was the best practice.
So that was the best practice for today.
I hope you like this video.
Thank you for watching and happy automation.